C0kN1nbxYu8|||Look at this one. Look at that one. Look at this one. Look at that one. Look. Are you kidding me?
C0kN1nbxYu8|||Look at this one. Look at that one. Look at this one. Look at that one. Look. Are you kidding me?
CqBKNj-p9TW|||I'm always on the lookout for good nonfiction for children. This book just won the Cyberk medal in January, which is for nonfiction aimed at children or young adults. This is just as good for adults as for kids. It combines incredible illustrations with stunning real life photography. And the book is seen and unseen all about the Japanese American incarceration during World War II, and the photographs that were taken of that time period and those events. It is stunning.
CmbiGPYqTW_|||
CvQjunIsmYI|||What is racism? Oh, it's such a basic question, but really how often do we actually pause to define our terms? And it's so important to do that because if not, we're just talking past each other. So there's a lot of different ways to define racism. The shorthand definition I like is prejudice plus power. So I think we kind of understand the prejudice part. It's not liking someone based on their appearance, their skin color, their race, or ethnicity. And anybody of any race or ethnicity can be prejudiced, but it's power too. So prejudice plus power means that you can put your prejudice into policy. You can make rules and laws and structure society around your prejudice. And in that sense, racism is not something that everybody can enact. That is something that white people who have that power to put their prejudice into policy enact. And so that's a helpful kind of distinction as we think about prejudice and then the combination of prejudice plus power.
Cr6MiINu9_w|||Did you know that DC has a baptismal font that's over a thousand years old? I'm Joe Himalayan today I'm at the bishopsgarden at the national cathedral. The garden was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted Junior who apprentice under his world famous father. Construction started in 1925 and completed in 19 28. Many gifts were given to the garden including boxwoods from George Washington's Hayfield Manor. Here's the baptismal font. It's from the 9th century and is surrounded by and flowers that would have been used during that period. The cathedral is located in Cleveland Park which was so named because President Grover Cleveland had a summer house here called Oakview. The timber and stone used for this gazebo or shadow house as it's called was salvaged from Oakview when it was demolished in nineteen twenty-seven. All of the garden's flora is historically, religiously, or locally significant. Throughout the garden, you'll see many stone carvings. Most of which are from the 14th and fifteenth trees.
CjLC0TaJDh9|||
CuhiSsuogxW|||🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 🌀🌚 🖤😃
Cnq9tCuLs74|||
CyEDeDwIegg|||Zither Harp
CyONchTLBjN|||🎵
CrHfn_tJqkv|||♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
Cz_6urgoc-t|||
CaUMpymDBGd|||So, We are going to war.
C0kC8PfIjbe|||You would be forgiven for thinking that this was a rather glamorous velvet dressing gown but you would be wrong. It's actually a circoat dating from the very early half of the 19th century and it's a coronation circoat because it's red velvet and so it would have been worn under coronation robes. So inside, it's got the maker's label, William Webb, robe maker to his majesty and this means it was either worn at the coronation of George the fourth in 1821 or the coronation of William the fourth 10 years later. But the length gives it away a little bit and enables us to sort of narrow our deductions. Over time, the fashions change and actually circulates became a lot shorter and in the collection, we have another circoat exactly the same more or less although it's slightly shorter. It sort of measures just to stand here. And so from this, we can deduce that the shorter one was worn to William the fourth's coronation and the longer one was worn to George the fourth's earlier coronation. And if that's the case, then it was worn by the fifteen Frenchman but I always think that wearing this underneath is Coronation Roots must have got a little bit toasty.
CmzgJnFLaQn|||So you have stretchmarks. How awful for you. Oh no that's wrong. It's ugly horrible. How ashamed you must be really. Because stretchmarks are naturally one of the most nasty things you can have. So please don't show them. We would hate that for you for our precious eyes as society. Please pack them away. Be ashamed. Other people don't have them. It's only you love. Only you. Have you ever heard similar words to that even though I may have added a bit to them? Perhaps you read them in magazines when you were a teen, a child, or even an adult. Perhaps you remember, like I do, that in the 2thousands, stretchmarks were only truly mentioned in culture if it was because someone claimed to have finally found the true cure. It was an oil, a scrub, a little machine with electric pulses to soften your skin. And none of them worked other than taking away your money from your account and putting it into theirs. Today we're talking about stretchmarks and why it is that we have been feeling ashamed of them for so very long. Welcome to feminist Friday with me Camilla. I have an academic background in religion, intellectual history, Hebrew and feminist studies and I do this series called feminist Fridays to shed more light on the parts of history we normally don't hear very much about. If you like this and what I do, please leave this video a like and please go support my work on coffee so I can continue doing it. There's a link to the coffee where you can become a member of my hexacamic oven where you normally find those links. It's only three euros a month and it truly would make a difference for me so thanks for doing it. In this video I will be talking about stretchmarks and I will in regards to this talk about pregnancy. Please keep in mind that pregnancy is a thing that happens to those who have a uterus and that having a uterus does not mean you view yourself as a so called woman. If I say something about a pregnant woman in this video refer to what I am saying now. There are more than two genders there always have been so keep that in mind. And with that being said I think we should get right back to the topic of today stretchmarks or as some people like to call them let's talk about angel scratches. Angel scratches or stretchmarks is what happens when your skin is being stretched. They are a form of scars that occur when your body tears during rapid growth. They can typically be when you hit puberty or you fall pregnant or when you gain weight. I personally have stretchmarks from when I hit puberty on my breasts since I went from being a no-breasted individual to having a C cup within such a short time frame that the skin, it simply could not keep up and those stretchmarks in particular have always, always fill me with so much shame that I'm even ashamed of mentioning them right now which is exactly why I'm forcing myself to mention them because why on earth am I ashamed it's my skin it has lines you can see them so what the shame around stretchmarks is not a new phenomenon and I am even though this thought makes me sad I'm sure you know the shame too on some level because it is one we have been fed for long. Let's go back to ancient Egypt for example and see how they thought of stretchmarks. Of course I cannot ask anyone from the time so instead I have found sources saying that we have archaeological finds of little jars shaped like nude women that would have held ointment for the women who were pregnant. This ointment was for their growing bellies because those typically get stretchmarks during pregnant see. Actually, 90% of all pregnant bellies get stretchmarks in the process which then makes it even more ridiculous to see that there are more than 15 million hits on Google when you type in how to get rid of stretchmarks because one can deduce that people want to get rid of them because they do not like them. So, we do not like a very natural thing about ourselves. Why? Some think that a reason for this can be found in history because they think that skin conditions could be used as health indicators. Think of skin turning white when you are sick or for example if you get a rash. You can without being a doctor see that this person is one you shall keep a distance from until they are better in order for yourself not to be infected with whatever they may have. Well that can be a reason. But another one could maybe be found somewhere else. In capitalism. Let's take a look at how many companies that claim to have formulas that can cure your stretchmarks. Just like an ancient Egypt, ointments are still a thing being catered to your mind as the one thing that can solve your insecurities. And if we think of this capitalist aspect as being part of the reason, well, then that leads us down an interesting lane. Imagine, you have a business with a product you like people to buy. Your product in this allegory is tomatoes. You sell them but people don't really buy them. They like them fine enough but your profit is way too low. Okay, so what do you do? Well, you try to make good ads, you make great discounts, bulk options and more but nothing really helps. Then one day, you see your neighbor's business. They also sell tomatoes and their business is thriving. What do they do? Well, they say that their tomatoes cure bad breaths. People hate smelling so they get the tomatoes to get rid of a problem that they relate to. Now remove the tomatoes, remove the bad breath, insert instead oil, lotion and your stretchmarks. If we are being told again and again by companies that their product can solve this issue well then at some point we consider that they're a thing an issue. Of course the method is not as simple as this but it does show that the shame we feel about something that happens to 90% of those of all pregnant to 70% of adolescent girls and 40% of adolescent boys. This is a statistic I have from us also. Please remember what I said about gender but it shows that it's not necessarily a natural shame. It has been placed within our minds. Now can that be said about all things we feel ashamed about? Yes. So why am I saying it? To remind you and myself that our skin is lovely just as it is. It protects us and keeps us safe. Sometimes it has us, sometimes not, and that is totally okay and wonderful. And with that said, I'm now going to, for the first time in my life, wear something that shows off my angel scratches on my breasts because one needs to walk the walk to talk the talk, right? If you like this feminist bride aid, remember to like the video, follow me and also please go to my coffee and become a member so you can help me out with a tiny amount every month. I would much appreciate it. Thank you for watching. May you too want to show off your stretchmarks and love yourself in the process. I know I will do the same. See you next week. Stay feminist.
C0VZ4IDr2MH|||The way Bob, don't you think it's about time for you to move into your new color set? Well, I have one more question that maybe you can answer while I'm on my way down the studio to the new set. Just what will this change mean to the channel two viewers who will still be watching this in black and white. Well, we think you'll see a big difference on black and white receivers. The new color cameras will give an improved monochrome picture and all our new color sets here in the studio were designed with that in mind. Take it away in full spectrum color. Well, Doug for I'd like to say this that I feel doubly honored to have been chosen to be the first one involved in our big change because there are so many much more colorful characters around here than this reporter. In the news tonight, Governor Hughes has raised doubts about Dubuque's financial flood dilemma. We'll have the story right after this message for Standard Oil.
C0fm3cxrLnA|||What's this map? This map right here. It is the protected area database for the US government. Basically, this is all the government land. It's broken down in the fun sections. For instance, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of Defense National Park Service. You can go through and you can look at this. You can zoom in super close on York County on New York City and you can see exactly what's owned by the government. As you can see the East Coast as well as the Midwest and the South. Basically, the government doesn't own any of it. Meanwhile, out west, the government basically owns all of it. There's a lot of benefits and a lot of negatives to the government owning this much land. For instance, cities and states not being able to get enough tax dollars because the federal government is not really paying them enough for that land. However, good benefits. For instance, Noah owns all of this over here on the coast, meaning that they can detect when hurricanes are going to happen. You can also see how much Alaska and Hawaii is owned by the federal government and it's really interesting to see. Are you East Coast or West Coast? Let me know.
C0nDnq7P6b2|||Portrait is possibly one of the best PR moves in history. It's a portrait of a woman named Charlotte Corday. And Charlotte Corde was arrested and eventually executed for a unaliving a man named Mora who wrote a paper called The Friend of the People that inflamed extremist revolutionary sentiment during the French Revolution. I'm Dana Schwartz. I have a podcast called Noble Blood. So if you want to know like everything about Charlotte Corday just go listen to that episode right now. But the TikTok version we can get to that Now, even though Charlotte Corday unalived a revolutionary leader, she wasn't actually a royalist. She wasn't pro-monarchy. She was also in favor of the French revolution. She was just a member of a more moderate revolutionary faction as opposed to the more extremist Jacobin who led what's now known as the reign of terror. But Charlotte was smart enough to know that if she succeeded in her mission, she would be arrested and probably executed and that the revolutionary propaganda machine would go into full and it did. The man she unalived, Murah, was portrayed as a martyr like in famous paintings like this by David. And the stories about Charlotte Corde came out almost immediately. Revolutionaries were talking about how she was a royalist, she was pro monarchy and how while she was waiting to see Murah, she went to get her hair powdered. Clearly, she's not a champion of the people if she's getting her hair powdered. The Jacoby knew that as a young, beautiful woman, Charlotte Corde would naturally arous
C0dNhDLrRXA|||Home of John and Margaret Bryant. The home they've always dreamed of. The happiest investment they have ever made. At last the Bryants have all the space they need. Big floor to ceiling closets for each member of the family. Large comfortable bedrooms. Zoned living areas, a feature in the plan of their home, assure convenience and privacy for various family activities. You. Distinctive architectural details create a lovely setting that enhance the pleasure of entertaining. You. The Bryants have had opportunity for individual expression in this and other interiors throughout the house. In their selection of such things as wall and floor coverings and the accent colors of fixtures and appointments.
C0nYNqYMU6-|||Berlin there's these giant flag towers that look a lot like castles. Why? Well in World War two the Germans trying to defend Berlin built these giant flag towers to defend against the bombing runs. Why are they still around? Because they're made with an extremely large amount of concrete to be able to survive bombing runs. The allies tried to destroy a bunch of them and a lot of times it didn't work because they're super thick. So a lot of them just ended up being in parks or they got buried. Around Berlin there's a whole bunch of these hills. But almost all of them are man made using the rubble from Berlin as well as burying a lot of these flack towers and other defensive structures that they just couldn't destroy because it was such thick concrete. These things are super cool. However, now they're getting to be kind of dangerous because they're now coming up on 100 years old and they're really starting to fall apart now but not falling apart enough for them to be able to be destroyed but now that Berlin's been repaired so much, they can't just blow these things up in place. So, it kind of comes down like are you supposed to do with all these big giant bunkers? Ones like this kind of got buried but not all of them.
C0j-TxiPKdB|||Us government has 1. 6 billion pounds of cheese in caves in Springfield, Missouri. But that's not all. They also have 355 million pounds of butter. Two two hundred eleven million pounds of pecans and nearly a billion pounds of French fries. You can go and see all of the amounts that they have across the all the cold storage amounts of every product. For instance half a billion pounds of beef. These caves are massive. Here's a semi truck for reference. These giant cheese caves in Missouri have been storing these products and continue to do so. What's really funny is it's right next to the Craft Food Distribution Center. I'm not sure how much goes back and forth but I think it's a decent amount. If you guys remember the Area 51 Naruto run into Area fifty-1 to release the aliens, let's do the same thing but with cheese. So I'll go to Springfield, Missouri, dress up like rats and eat some of that cheese. Yum yum yum. This is a joke. If you had one point four billion pounds of cheese, what would you eat?
C0p0yGFJKRe|||Being a White House chef would be super hard. Besides the amount of background checks and all kinds of things like that, these guys are constantly getting followed by foreign government's secret agents and by our government secret agents. They have to undergo a whole bunch of training to see if people are following them and do counter surveillance and all kinds of spy stuff but then they also have to be cooking all day. On top of that, the responsibilities that these guys have to deal with, that they need to make sure that nothing happens the president's food and they have to do that across kitchens across the globe. These guys travel with the president to make sure that the food that's being prepared is being prepared properly and then often times, the chef of whatever random country goes, this one is was the president of the United States and they go, no. You don't get to determine that and then they pick one at random because that reduces the chances that anything could happen to the president's food. Also, these dudes have to go to different grocery stores across the Seaboard all the time. They can never go to the same grocery store twice because they need to make sure that they're getting ingredients that aren't being tampered with. If you got it directly from the source potentially a foreign adversary would be able to get at it. Whereas if you just go to a random Albertsons somewhere in Pennsylvania the chances that Russia could have touched it or any other country is basically none.
C0mVrMtshls|||I tried so hard, and got so far But in the end, it's done
CrlsUq-rC6s|||Congrats, love, I hear you just got married. What's that? You lost all your rights? What rights, love? You did not have any to begin with. After all, you're a woman and the year is 1768. But let me tell you a wee secret. Can you keep it between the two of us? Okay, come closer. This way of looking at you womenfolk will not change legally until the 20th century and your great-granddaughters will still be affected by it in 2023. Isn't that wonderful? Women with no rights as it should be. Hello, friends, and welcome to Feminist Friday, my weekly feminist show that helps you understand why the heck the world is the way it is. My name is Camilla and I'm your host. Today, we are going to talk about a concept called coverture, which was a legal doctrine that governed women's rights and status in marriage for many, many centuries. It was introduced back in the year of our lady gods, 1068, and did not properly go away until the 1970s. In the eyes of the law, a woman was considered to be covered by her husband, meaning that her legal identity was subsumed into his upon marriage. The reason I'm equipped to talk about this is because of my background within intellectual history, religion studies, Hebrew, and feminist studies. So buckle up, love. We are going to learn something truly fucked. Coverture stripped women of many basic rights that we take for granted today. For example, a married woman could not enter into a contract on property or make decisions about her own body without her husband's permission. She could not vote or hold public office, and she had no legal standing in court. Her husband was responsible for all aspects of her life, and he had complete control over her property and her children. This system of coverture was deeply unjust and unequal, and it had profound implications for women's lives. For one thing, it meant that women were entirely dependent on their husbands for their financial security and social status. If a woman's husband died or abandoned her, she was left with nothing and had no means of supporting herself. This made women vulnerable to abuse and exploitation, and it reinforced the idea that women were inferior to men and needed their protection. Are you enjoying this episode so far? Send a kind thought to my patrons on Ko-fi who monthly support Your Fave Feminist, and in return, get to choose an episode of Feminist Friday every month. They chose this one today, and if you want to choose the next, go join them now using the link you see on the screen. If you're more into tipping, then fear not. Send me a coin or two on PayPal. Thanks. The legacy of coverture can still be felt in our society today. Even though many of the legal barriers that women faced have been removed, women still face significant inequality in many areas of life. Women are still paid less than men for doing the same work, and they are underrepresented in positions of power and influence. Women are more likely to experience violence and harassment, and they are still expected to take on the majority of domestic and caregiving responsibilities. But why is that? Why do we still accept this? I think it is because we have grown a bit lazy. We feel like, oh, well, it's good enough. We aren't really suffering, so this is fine. But it's not. It's not fine. We need to change. We must recognize that the legacy of coverture still affects women's lives today, and we must fight against it. We must continue to demand equal pay for equal work, and we must support women in their efforts to achieve political and economic power. We must work to end violence against women and to promote gender equality in all areas of life. The more you and I know about our history, the more we understand why things are the way they are. And if we understand them, we can properly get rid of them. If we do not understand, we lose the ability to argue against them. Coverture shows us how deeply ingrained gender inequality is in our legal system and our social structures. The concept of that simple thing explains so much, doesn't it? Just think about it. What is something in your life that you suspect can have its roots in this old idea? Let me know down below. Thanks for being here today. I hope to see you again next week, and until then, take care, and remember, love, to stay feminist.
Czretv-SH0Y|||It's gonna be a good day, a good vibe Hold em in a little pose mate In my time Turn the music up on a long drive Make a little love in the sunshine It's gonna be a good day A good time As long as I got your hair in mine Would you wanna live in the other way? Wake up every morning Look at you and say It's gonna be a good day Da da da
CzKfZOfNH-4|||Thanks for watching guys!
C0tjG-YRryD|||🎶 Music 🎶
CztCIHINnVw|||I'm Dominik Soboszlaj, I'm here with Nike and LFC Foundation for Game On.
C0FK3OBIsk7|||We be disturbing the peace, working, we serving the streets, Bout to go and go in peace, bang, bang, leave your sleep, Tick, tick, ooh, hard body, body, and not scaring nobody, You make me ride,
CznxuupLAPk|||
C0oIQt3OjbM|||♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
CTFcfPgDlrK|||
C0Kd_o8R_u4|||
CmRo-1stAJk|||
CXhAh7xJ_-w|||
CXgn3WZpK49|||
CXze3KQheYs|||
CXy8RYdhQ-f|||
CXgft2yJSC1|||
CXgyi0hpmtV|||
CXgqw_OJ4qu|||Hello everybody. Third mix of the day. Third mix of my music today. Footage of me playing Dragon Ball Raging Blast 2 a long time ago online versus a lot of very talented players. As I explain all in the first mix set up today. Part 1 of today's mix set. Mix sets, plural. But the first part. Explained it all. Hopefully y'all are having a good week. Figured I'd have some gaming footage alongside my mix sets for now on. Dragon Ball Raging Blast 2. Because I played that game. Zymelo.ECFM. Is what I call it. My mix sets. Just going through the episodes of the streams I did. I literally called them episodes. It was like a few episodes a week. Based on how big of a leap I saw my performance and who I was up against. During online matches. Against a lot of really good players. As I explained. I don't know why I talk so much about this game. I'll consider this an underground game. I know so many people probably don't know about it. To where. I wouldn't have taken this game as seriously. Until like I'd still like if I'm I'd stream footage right. But I mean like. To the point where I was like oh snap I have to stream this. And I'm gonna get good. Because I'm playing it I'm gonna get good. But now. I have to get good against people to where all my controllers broke in the process. I kept joking about that. Because I wasn't streaming for a few months because of that. After streaming for years. Not stream on Twitch. I mean I was streaming on my. Through just Instagram. First anyway. Instagram and YouTube. I literally got into Twitch because I broke all my controllers and couldn't stream for a while. And then by the time I get new controllers no more PlayStation 3. So I now I just choose to stream on Twitch as well. Like I would not have been doing streaming on Twitch probably. I'd eventually do it. But it had to happen immediately because now there's no PlayStation 3 so how. My fault. It was Fightcade but Fightcade would get recorded through Twitch. Because it's gonna record my computer screen like that's the whole. It's kind of funny that transitions can happen. Like it was supposed to happen like that. But I'm gonna go get another PlayStation. Okay. I. I was saying something I forgot what I was saying. Forgot the point I was trying to make. So I can't just re-enter. There's a reason I brought up the. Okay. I was saying. How hard things how hard people go online and like so that's pretty cool footage or whatever. I. It's what if someone played this game and they haven't played online and they saw what it looked like online. Or if they played online they'd probably watch as well because they'd be aware that there's just crazy stuff. Just how anybody would watch any game for entertainment. I didn't see that I didn't see any type of Dragon Ball anything footage for on a gaming console taken to. I've never seen it at a level as high as what I saw in. Raging Blast 2 online. I have any games that they'd be all crazy stuff and whatever. But like I've never seen like. The levels people take it to and then the thing is you have to get good to see higher levels. S-rank players weren't starting to go hard against me till the end of when all my controllers woke. I couldn't play anymore because I was getting good enough to not beat them. But I was starting to beat everybody under the S-rank players and then. If S-rank players didn't start what happened was I was talking about the theory of intensity and Street Fighter streams. A lot I spoke a lot about that. In different levels of it and how I'm wiring that idea into my text and how I'm trick so that like I'm making games every time I step on with every tech I use. Every I made up like eight different texts and spoke on all them during Street Fighter streams and actually was. I'd only even do them for a day. Then I come up with another idea based on what I was doing and just my understanding of stuff and stuff I'd seen going on and I'd apply that. Go back in the losing a bit or evenly match when I should be winning or losing and I end up. It always be like within the next two streams or within the next five streams. I start beating pretty much everybody else up against and I'd go up into C-rank or something like that. I learn a new tech and drop out of C-rank usually that is literally. I learned a new tech that I thought up in my brain and I'm getting in the C-rank within a few streams. Some of them it was like the same stream. Some of them it was like the same stream. It was like literally I'm like, oh, I'm going to try out some new tech today. See me playing a little bit different go up and rank that day. Literally. I was doing putting in time to make sure like of doing it. So that when I show up, I already had the games within a day. Like I hadn't even been practicing it for 24 hours. It went through a whole bunch of stuff like that. Stuff like that. I was on a tech that got me into C-rank and kept me there for a while that broke all my controllers again. So I had to go relearn directional arrow and then. But why did I bring that up? I was talking about tech. What was I referring to? Something about tech. Okay, because I was talking about intensity in games. And how I noticed in Street Fighter, Raging Blast 2, Dragon Ball Raging Blast 2. S-rank players. They seem easy. It felt like it was easy, but they'd never lost to me, right? But they seem easier the entire time until it was time for them to win at the end, basically. And I got came to this conclusion that because they're at such a high intensity. No one could see what intensity they're at unless you're near closer to their level. So I was talking about, oh, it feels so much harder. I'm going to the next video. I was talking about and it's clear footage of it. It was extremely harder to fight people near my rank. So if I'm rank G, someone who's F-rank, it almost seemed like the F-rank player could beat the S-rank player. It's just that the F-rank player could just utilize more of their skills against me. So the match was insanely more competitive. What happened was I'd be more likely to beat the F-rank player. Just never would yet because I'm just not was at that level of performing in the game yet. Computers freezing now. Should not be happening. There's no reason for this right now. And this should be playing the footage. Here's what's going on. It could be the internet out now. Could be the internet. Could be the internet. Which is alright because I can still stream whatever. I can still stream on my phone, but this is going on. I need to see that it's playing the correct video. Okay, it is. Sorry. Apologies for that detour. Resetting the video. Mix is still going. It's getting choppy now, which is weird. It's weird because I don't like it. There's no reason for this right now. Have to reset this again. We're only playing this footage once. I'll make sure it plays whatever. Oh my gosh. Excuse me, computer. Excuse me. This is a fail. This is a fail right here. This is a fail right here. Oh my gosh, this is a fail. How is this happening right now? How about this? Raging Blast 2 is discontinued until the next mix. Because we don't have time for this right now. And it shouldn't be skipping like this either. What's up with that? Watching anime. Closing out an entire internet window real quick. That it didn't need to be open. And if it's affecting this, how dare it? How dare it? And I'm not recording anything to my computer. So why is this skipping like this? It might be possible that I need to reset my... I'm hopping right back in the mix. Bear with me for a moment. Bear with me a moment. We're going to have to hop back into this. We're going to have to hop right back in. Because my computer is now trying to act like it can't function at all. Computer is trying to act like it won't function. Computer is trying to act like it won't function. During a live mix set. Oops. That can't be. Application is not responding. End process or wait. What are you referring to? So is this mix set here? No. I'm going to call that a mix set because of what just happened. I'll be back in another one. See y'all soon.
C0NEeuGy76H|||Know what you can get this holiday season at Target? The **** out. Because you're about as useful as a wet paper bag. There's the door.
Czo2gAMP7ra|||Alright, well let's add this to the list of things I never thought I would ever do in my life. World of Warcraft season 3 starts tomorrow with Amir to Soul Dreams Hope also coming out as well as Mythic Plus season and whatnot. But what's really important about this is the race to World of First. All the top guilds for World of Warcraft are competing for who be able to defeat Faroc first. And when we have these events typically you have some casters that are commentating on what's happening on what these guilds are doing. To best efficiently strategize on how to be the person to claim that World First Kill. And with such I have an announcement to make. Today, I will actually be casting the Race to World First for Team Liquid. I cannot express enough how much gratitude I have for all the folks over at Team Liquid for allowing me to have this opportunity to cast today. If you guys would like to tune in to the broadcast, you can do so on Twitch. I feel the need to apologize for this but it generally just brings a big smile on my face. Look, they even did like a little graph thing that they posted on socials. Isn't that neat, dude? I'm so nervous.
CzwElT_NZ3A|||Don't forget to add this magical RPG to your wishlist. In Songs of Glimmerwick, you become immersed in a musical fantasy world. In this Witch Academy RPG, you can attend classes, grow the university garden and make friends with classmates. Use the power of music to become a powerful witch.
CqVsWcvDs9i|||I personally am someone that also struggles with this. I wear my headphones for a good eight plus hours a day. And I typically like to wear the larger scale pieces. This is my personal headset that I wear all the time. I'm also someone that gets migraines very easily. So weight and comfortability is a main priority of mine. Even the biggest pieces that I have they only weigh usually like a few ounces at the most. Nothing that I have weighs over a pound. Not even half a pound. I've been wearing my designs since before I started the shop so it's been over a year and I haven't had any issues. But I I hope this helps.
C0hHrc2uK2s|||I just turned 29. Recently? Last year. So you're 29? Last year. And how old are you, like, right now? One more year older. So, 30? Yeah. 32.
C0ccP_WSRku|||I'll choke you but I ain't no killer baby she's 2eight telling me I'm still
C0MocIQOpZW|||Okay, wait, can you see him? Okay? Okay? Okay? That's fine. That's fine. This is good. Okay. This is the lowest it goes It's still going it has a lot more He's so happy he loves it look mom. I'm high on a dress
CyZgOthRJtb|||Drank gon' make me crash the car Red Dead Slime go hard out bars Zayn man can't put the bag in the car Rich niggas still be toting that rod Red Big Click 5 grams in the car Brown in the cup, just me and my boy Smoking on propane, nigga, I'm the whole thing Whole lot of cash and I got a black car Real love I ain't putting on for the bitch
CyLbFNtSH8V|||We'll be back soon. Peace out.
CxuE3MUNNZM|||
C0RvZBvIjKX|||It don't you cry everything's going to be alright.
C0sJCwzsPw3|||C акtivateです To his channel שות darling damn Damn them done Arab beautiful So Darling 21
C0j_U0ExDVe|||I'ma live this beat like Silverman Like a fuckin' dream, I'm livin' it Baby, love me cause I'm playin' on the radio
C0o_IEzI4tt||| 
C0rwlkYIedJ|||In a happy cutter. I'm going to show you up
C0gXoofsuSB|||What? I just died on your arms tonight. Mr. Wilson?
C0gxHrlsWXn|||📢 Share this video with your friends on social media.
C0Y_BypsoyD|||.
C0gjm6YpYeF|||People think I'm crazy, but I'm just a daydreamer I'm in my vortex, building these things like caution I go to my happy place
C0SOnLrochJ|||Oh, I, I just died on your arms tonight
Ce9FkMhICmG|||You
Cyqt9z-s7wN|||We could hit your car and you'll need to kiss me We'd sit for hours and lie on the backseat Ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha And the moon bright the night when everything changes You won't reply, I'ma go back to strangers Ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha Ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha Ah-ha The sun and I Are everyone disposable
C0X1JwAIaJC|||Ferrari brick test. Porsche. Rolls Royce. Tesla. Nissan GTR. Range Rover. Audi. Bugatti.
C0h7GjPPawJ|||These days all I do is
C0bsDavCpUe|||so this is my Christmas giveaway so people who want to create content I have pieces of microphones here that we're giving out if you're also a gamer I have a bunch of classic Xbox games there's about 10 CDs if you're interested in the games comment down below if you're interested in the microphones comment down below I'm giving all out for free the games typically go for around $60 to $40 $30 depending on where you search but I'm giving all out for free I don't use Xbox anymore so if you're an Xbox gamer who has a disc drive on their console these CDs are up for grabs just comment down below comment anything if it's the disc you want comment if you want the microphones just comment and well that's my giveaway
C0Rq9LTuazg||| 
C0hw4v-ARY4||| 
C0CMb8AuXqh|||I like the kicking, still till your love is, I like the kicking, still till your love is, until your love is, I like Oh, you lift me up to the crystal top so I can see Ah, you lead me on till the feelings come and the lights that shine on What if I don't mean nothing, like if someday it should fall? You take me home, where the magic's from, and I'll be yours What you gonna do when things go wrong? What you gonna do when all cracks out? What you gonna do when your love burns down? What you gonna do when the flames go up? Who's gonna come and turn the tides? What was he gonna tell? To make a dream survive? Who's gonna pretend to calm the storm inside? Don't say goodbye, don't say goodbye, goodbye Don't say goodbye, don't say goodbye, goodbye
C0bqvGwoW2I|||♪
C0mZiKJI-KS|||On this so many times won't change. You. For
C0r_v0yodEh|||Those fuzzy memories mess with my temper Justification is killing me But killing isn't justified What happened to my soul? I'm terrified It lingers in my mind And the thought keeps on getting bigger I'm sorry my sweet baby I wish I'd been there It's been so long Since I last have seen myself Lost to this monster To the man behind the slaughter Since you've been gone I've been singing this stupid song So I could find a Facility of
CsJRH8noIzn|||This is the Dell M16 Rone. The latest Alienware gaming laptop from Dell. Let's check it out. As all gaming laptop goes, this thing is heavy but boy does it look good while sitting. The RGV setup here is very well worth. Be it on the logo, on the back, on the edges or on the keyboard. It looks really nice. The 16 inch QHD plus panel has a max refresh rate of 165 hertz. It's really good. Be it watching content, playing games and just doing daily everyday tasks. For that matter supports Dolby vision and Dolby Atmos. It's pretty cool. The track pad here is huge and very responsive. But for gaming it's better to get yourself a mouse. You get an FHD webcam here which is decent. But if you are into gaming and streaming you better get yourself a third party webcam. You get plenty of connectivity options here. Multiple USB type A ports, USB type C port and even a card reader. Under the hood it's powered by 13 gen Intel core I-9 processor which is paired together with Nvidia G force RTX latest DPUs. This thing is extremely powerful. Other hardware specs into upgradeable DDR5 memory and also storage of up to nine TB SSD. Now I gotta go and they've got them. For more broader content follow Business Insider India.
C0g9RERoYAv|||That's right! That's what I meant! My bad. Oh, never mind... What did you mean? Um, I just... Tee hee. You had it coming. You know it's time to go. Me? Me? Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! BANG! BANG!
C0ou5-tIYdy|||I've lost all ambition, all worldly afflame I just want to be the one you love And when your ambition lets you feel unsafe I'll have reached the goal I'm dreaming of Believe me, I don't want to set the world on fire I just want to start a flame in your heart
Cz6CmNJIBis|||Oh **** Here we go again.
Csm1CE5s8jd|||We just saw how some parents are learning to prioritize their mental health, but according to a report from the Mental Health America, more than 60% of young people with depression do not have access to mental health services. But students at Pomona High School are working to change the narrative. I took a look inside a classroom to see how a groundbreaking program is helping to save lives one student at a time. Whenever the feeling of anxiety crept up on Carmen Ayala, she often found herself helpless because at home caring for her mental health was not a priority. Growing up, she rarely was able to express her emotions to her family. Feelings that only grew stronger when she saw other students have a good relationship with their parents. In school, walking around seeing parents communicate effectively, seeing my friends be able to live a very understanding life as to where they trust their parent, their parent trusts them, etc. Carmen is a senior at Pomona High School. Three years ago, she joined the Student Peer Counseling Program. It provides an opportunity for students like her to help other students with their mental health challenges. Just recently, she was able to help support her fellow peer get through a dark time. You could tell she was very like on edge. And she kept on saying, I keep on hearing like voices in my head, like it's getting a little too much. So that was something that I really was like, you hear about that on TV, you hear about that, like, oh, people go through this, but you don't realize like students my age are going through this. Sheila Bach is the peer resource advisor at Pomona High School. She says students have to undergo a four month rigorous training where students learn how to role play, learn about confidentiality and attend a four hour student school sessions in order to get certified to be a peer counselor. We're very hands on. The kids provide a service. The service is when someone needs, you know, someone to listen to. We're there. In her over 26 years of teaching this class, Sheila has helped twelve hundred peer counselors who have helped thousands of students with their mental health. If I could, I would have every student on this campus take my class because it's not just for our immediate providing service on campus. This is life skills. But the even greater legacy for Sheila are students like Carmen. I want to be able to use what I've learned in this class, basically communication, validation, you know, questioning, empathy and sensitivity and bring that into the full light of kind of having the full circle of you figure out the problem. You figure out how to help your client and using the tools that Carmen has learned here to help guide others in their healing journey. Coming up, we discover how the Los Angeles LGBT Center has become a safe haven for seniors in the community. Stay with us.
B8_eBbLFzyt|||Namaste Rods and Mamas. Today I have a mindful parenting tip for you. If your child constantly is saying no and it totally is driving you cray-cray. So a couple months ago this was becoming a problem. Anytime I needed Ayaan to do a normal responsibility like taking off his shoes on time or brushing his teeth or taking a shower it was constantly met with no's and it was really getting infuriating and honestly when I noticed that I would get upset or angered by it the feeling underneath it was a feeling of rejection of not being heard and whenever I felt a little anxious or already short on time when I was trying to control the situation and he was saying no and I was being met with no it felt I took it personally and so I realized that saying no is a child's way of asserting their independence. The first thing I had to get really clear with is how often am I modeling saying no and when I got really honest with myself I was saying no more often than I'd like. So I've taught Ayaan and we have to teach our kids that no is important. No when there's a danger or a safety or a violation to your boundaries no means no and there is a specific place for you to say no. However when it is you know someone trying to help you and mommy and daddy are trying to move things along and we're going to turn into things with not responsibilities and there's no negotiation for those things that's when we don't say no right so we can certainly share our feelings maybe you're not ready to do it maybe you're feeling tired however you know these are the no's that I wanted to move past like the no's that I know we were just saying it to be defiant and to assert his independence but he knew that we should be doing it. So this is what I did I noticed that I was being too serious and whenever he would say no I would tense up I would take it personally and then it became a power struggle. So one day I decided instead of taking it personally and I said you know it's not something against me I was like oh my goodness there's so many no's today you know when I hear a lot of no's what happens to mommy? Mommy's tickle monster comes out and said and then I chased him around in here and said tell me no say no say no and then I said I can't stop until you say yes. So now whenever he would say like no like no I'm not changing my clothes I'd be like uh-oh I hear a lot of no's I gotta tickle them out of here so anytime you need them to cooperate about something that is what they're meant to do they have to do it this is a playful way to approach it don't take it personally make it playful connect with them touch them you know don't be so much in your agenda when you meet them at their late level you know they feel like you're not just trying to be in charge and nagging them and trying to tell them what to do nobody likes to be told what to do all the time and nobody likes to hear no all the time so I realized that I've really been working hard and I've I elicit Ayan's help that mommy's really trying hard not to say no when I don't really mean it and I noticed that I say it like whenever I'm like my mind is somewhere else and he's making a request my first instinct is to say no because that's like my boundary because it keeps me safe when I'm trying to keep things into control so just be mindful that I'm not saying that that's happening with you but maybe that might be and just be mindful bring your children into it like can you let me know when I'm mommy's saying no too much because then you can tickle me and that's what I tell you I was like mommy's saying no remember that she needs the tickle monster too so it's a fun and playful way of connecting and I find that you know sometimes Ayan really wants to keep doing it but we have a time limit and we have to get going and I need him to do like but that was so awesome I love tickling you but now it's time to do what we're supposed to do and I'm telling you guys once I've had that laughter and that connection he does not fight me on whatever it is to do a lot of times he like you know I'll walk away and he just goes and does whatever he needs to do that we were talking about so and if they feel like they're keep going and they just want to keep being playful playful and be like oh it's making mommy feel sad that you know we're gonna if the longer it takes you to go take your shower the less time that you're gonna have to play before dinner so you can just use the feelings of sadness instead of like feelings of disappointment or anger don't let it take it personal because the minute you take it personal there's gonna be a power struggle so be playful and try this out and let me know how it goes thanks so much for watching guys
CjinXEPvfLx|||If you're having a particularly bad day today, then stay with me now and let's work through this together. Everything you're experiencing in your body is your portal to freedom and peace. I know it doesn't feel like this right now and it can feel all-consuming, but the feeling itself is not why you're experiencing suffering, it's your aversion to allowing the fullness of the experience to take place in your body that is holding you in a place of resistance and therefore suffering. I know this feels like a lot, and it might be a lot, there might be a lot going on in your body right now, but just know that you are a lot. You are a lot of love, which also means that you are a lot of grief. You are a lot of happiness, which means that you will also experience a lot of sadness. It's part of the experience that we've come here to be involved in, in this 3D realm on planet Earth. But just know that if you can let in the full experience of, say, sadness, it means that the next time that you start to experience happiness, you will be able to, with all your heart, say yes and fully receive the experience of happiness in its totality and in its fullness. It's allowing our emotions to be felt that creates a fulfilling life.
C0Y-V98Igca|||Most of your problems aren't problems. They're a temporary emotional wave that normalizes with time. Stop overreacting to every little minor inconvenience. Focus on your mission. Everything else is just a distraction.
C0eagpSMeuh|||It's me
C0N4_dpPihs|||Good morning people. Ah says what you see as a problem is actually a ah an opportunity to grow, to explore the solutions to be become better in life. Do you really think so? This is tidbitrama signing in. So as I said when I say problem so obviously I wanted to talk about the human trait of problem solving. Most of the people think problem solving is not a ah a trait or it's not a constructive ability. But yes to some extent they are they are right. It is not a skill it's actually a mindset where it will help us to look at the positive aspects or the solutions of a challenge or the problem we have at hand which has to be resolved. It will help us to evaluate various solutions and it will help us to what extent that every solution is possible and in a way it will also ah enable ah ah it will enable us to apply those solutions apply that solution because you cannot just implement every other idea comes into your mind right you should evaluate whatever suggestions or the ah solutions you have at hand may be in a team let's say if at all there is a issue everybody can suggest a different ah solution because every mind thinks different they so they have their own trait to ways of handling situations or the issues or the challenges. Whether it's in the personal or the professional life. So once even you resolve ah once when you evaluate all the solutions which are suggested or which are available or which ah through which you get some ideas you can implement a feasible solution. In the sense which is easy to implement. Whether it term it is in terms of fullness or whether it it is in terms of finance or whether it is in terms of duration like some solutions may take long term but we may not have that much time to resolve the issue some issues or some problem has to be resolved immediately may be in a months right may be in a week's time even time duration falls in the feasible ah ah what I can say feasible feasibility criteria so ah problem solving it helps in adaptable basically it will help us to look at various ah what are the positive aspects of the situation it won't help us to ah sulk in ah ah just thinking negatively about the problem or worry worrying about the problem it will help us to analyzing situation or adapt ourselves to the existing circumstances and then in a way when once we evaluate the feasibility and once we start implementing it will help us in making a good decision making, right? Whichever solution is feasible or whichever solution is more adaptable or implementable. It will also help us in decision making. Let's say for all the implemented solution is not giving a expected results or the result is very low. The positive result is very low. Then you can evaluate other solutions which are which are already analyzed or which are already or discuss whatever it the case may be. It will even help us to think innovatively while looking at the issue because once when you have a challenge you have to when you say solution obviously sometimes the existing solutions may not or the regular practice solutions may not work out or they might not be feasible. So obviously you have to think ah to resolve the issue in a creative way in a in in a noble way. So that it will help us to innovate or to check where what are the various ways that the ah challenge can be resolved and it will help us to be creative. And obviously in one of the videos where I we talked or we discussed about creativity. To create it doesn't simply mean artistic side of the human being. It actually relates to everything. Even if you talk about realistic or logical issues. Even creativity plays a vital role in that. Once you are thinking in a noble way or doing something in a noble way that itself is also a creativity that's also 11 act of creativity or one form of creativity so once we have this innovative and creative process to ah ah resolve the problem at hand we will be able to communicate properly because we have understood the problem we have ah evaluated various solutions and then have ah taken a decision also by looking at pros and cons of the existing solutions or the ah suggested solutions so it will help us to communicate as well with our bosses or with our family members who are involved in that challenge or who are getting affected by that ah problem. So if at all you are able to communicate well and ah show your solutions then obviously it will also help us in conflict management and it will help us to have better relationships. It will grow our bonds. It will make our bond strong whether it's in the professional life or the personal life because when you are resolving issue, obviously it's a teamwork. One cannot always a single person cannot handle one issue, right? It it involves teamwork. It has to take opinions from various people and sometimes what happens is that we may like two solutions or we may have to combine two ideas and make it as a single solution and evaluate it as a single solution. So, it happens. So, it's a teamwork, right? It's a team effort. Uh when it comes to finding solutions or resolving the problems. I'm sorry I'm using this term towards resolving the problems solving the problems as the topic is about problem solving I force to use that and then it also it will help us to ah have a better relationship because there might be some kinds of arguments while discussing. So if at all you give some feasible solution it will resolve or it will break it will ah diminish or it will those such arguments or differences of opinion can be ah ignored. So in that way it will also help us ah to have ah good conflict management and better ah understanding in any relationship. So it will help us in our professional growth also because when it comes to problem solving ability it works the same. That indude works the same way. You think in the same manner right? Whether it's ah ah something related to your work or office or related to your personal life. So if at all you are good problem solver you will obviously become a natural leader. So you because you communicate well you convince people you go as a team and suggest those suggestions or those solutions to your ah immediate managers or the to your bosses so it will help you in a professional success or professional growth also and all these factors works similarly when it comes to team management or people handling or effective communication it works in a similar format even for the personal life also so it will help you to grow as a human being also because when you face a challenge or when you face the challenges or adversities and when you overcome it through your ah organised thinking and resolve the issues. So it will make you a more confident and more resilient person. So it will help in your personal growth also. It will make you a strong and ah a strong ah strong person and it will even enhance your character. Because you will you will not run away from the or you no more look at the problems as problem rather you look at them as challenges which can be resolved so that it can help us in your growth process in your learning because every problem is a new learning isn't it when you obviously following ah going for the solutions so unknowingly you are learning something new right ah okay so it will also help us in this way it will help us in the continuous improvement ah us ah of ours mean like sometimes what happens is the solution could be upskilling ourselves or changing our mindset towards something or attending some self help session or self help workshop we may not know so it will help us in a continuous improvement or continuous learning so in this way problem solution or problem solving it's not only a skill it's actually a mindset because first of all you should you should have a mindset to look at the inside of the aspect or think about the solutions, right? That itself shows what kind of perspective you have as a human being, right? So, to understand it better, let's get into a story obviously of one actor celebrity by name Jennifer Lauren. Jennifer Lawrence, no doubt she is an American actress and she is well known for this problem solving skills because when it comes to dissension making, she has always maintained a very good balance between the commercial movies also ah which can showcase her versatility as an actress. She worked with the smaller franchises and the larger franchises like X-Men. She in both ways she has shown her versatility and when it comes to story telling also like when it was when the discussions happen to develop a better script to develop the story. Even she was a part of such discussions and she has given many creative ideas which has actually enhanced the plot or the of the plot. In the in a way it can give a blockbuster. So, she has also shown through her problem solving mindset. She has actually shown her creative and innovative way of thinking to the people around. I mean the people who the director or producer or the co actor whoever it may be. So problem solving has actually helped us in good story telling ability also and ah choosing the versatile rules or complex roles at the at the same time commercially successful ah roles shows her adaptability towards the kind of opportunities she is getting. And even ah she has a very she has a very good ah she is very good at mixing with people she don't have this entitled mindset. So she has worked with different varieties of people whether it's a a booming director or a very well known director and also different ah kinds of actors. There might be some popular actors, there might some be upcoming ah art there might be some new artist. She worked with every kind of actor and every kind of technician. It shows how well she managed with her versatile or the adaptable mindset and ah it shows her wonderful decision making ability so that she can ah live in the long term in the industry. And ah ah she has shown her ah what I can say the resilient mindset by maintaining the difference or the distance between the personal and professional life. And she is you can call her an authentic person because like when you are a celebrity obviously obviously there you will be rise of gossips or some kind of controversies, various controversies. Whether you are really have done something wrong or it's a different case but obviously you will be you will get involved into some controversy. She has always been open and sincere in ah addressing those controversies. She never escaped from them or she never avoided questions with regard to those controversies which may spoil her public image. Sheena has never worried about rather she has been authentic and open in addressing them in answering such queries ah with the media and it has helped her to maintain a positive social image as an actress, as a celebrity. So, she in this way she has adopted herself and maintain a well by very balanced mindset in every aspect and which has made her a successful actress in the long term. This shows ah ah this ah she has actually exhibited a wonderful ah mindset or a wonderful example of problem solving mindset. I hope this help and this is tidbitrama signing off. Please follow me on my YouTube channel at tidbitrama and also on other social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Thank you so much.
CimYSPHA3ds|||Five ways to deal with people who hurt you. One, understand the situation in terms of why these people hurt you. It could simply be their own insecurity like jealousy, hatred or simply lack of courage to follow up with their claims and promises. Two, distance yourself from them and avoid them as much as possible. This will not just give you some peace of mind but also avoid further confrontation and it's also true for your family members or close social circle. Three, ask them upfront why they are doing so to you. Be firm yet polite. Four, try getting a second opinion or a fresh perspective about what you are feeling sometimes it's not worth feeling hurt about. And lastly, if you are truly justified about your hurt then feel happy for yourself that you got rid of a person who is not worthy of you, your feelings and your attention and move on. Share this with someone who needs to hear this today.
ChJ4iVEp6B8|||Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like, comment, and subscribe. I will see you in the next video. 
CfkkWaElwDW|||By four equal to three. So, answer into four, five, three.
C0raaY3roCx||| 
CsoVHGpA8Bt|||Thank you for watching.
CrufIY8gfyY|||Once a little girl came up to me and asked a question, does your Gita have a solution to all the problems? I said, yes, but why do you ask me that question? Do you have any problems? She replied, yes, I have a big problem with my exams. How will Krishna solve this? I was amused and replied saying that, just like Arjuna did not want to fight the war, but Krishna inspired him. Why he is supposed to fight and perform his duty. Similarly, Krishna will inspire why you must study and score well in your exams. So Gita does not make us lazy or Krishna does not create miracle for us, but inspires us in right direction so that we create miracles. What do you think about this? Write down below. Thank you. Hare Krishna.
CyJlkLnpPDE|||Anywhere you meet me guaranteed to go
Cro8bTbO7TV|||Little girl gone got a gun from a gangster run little girl run little girl bang. Honey I've changed so much since I last saw you.
C0ZM1A_sTVk||| 
Cz-Ec9Bou2k|||When people tell me you're going to regret that in the morning, I sleep till noon because I'm a problem solver.
C0cEQMqNbo7|||So you're telling me that I have to come up with a solution all by myself to a problem that I created all by myself? Well that's not fair.
C0mssR0PNcy|||I feel so much lighter like a feather with you off my mind
C0fhJb5tfX9|||Amazon Christmas gift ideas. We take them out so you don't have to. Here's a cordless three-speed screwdriver that comes with 12 bits, a bit holder, and a nice case. It's rechargeable with two LED lights and it's great for small jobs around the home. And this two-in-one multi-tool tactical pen set is an awesome gift and it's also a bottle opener, a ruler, level, LED light, stylus, and a screwdriver. And this LED lighted levitating globe is a super cool gift for home decor or it makes a great office gift for someone's desk.
C0mMMuqr3Gn|||Alright so this girlmath question is for the girls and girls alone or guys if you're up for a challenge. If you have fully committed yourself to spending $60 on a night out on whatever it is but you actually only spend 40 how much money did you earn? Comment your answer below.
C0nfZI8iITm|||📢 Share this video with your friends on social media. 📢 Subscribe to this channel.
C0gAdIjpEAX|||But your life does not... Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Bruh. You gonna keep this? Nigga. I can't even reach it, bro. This is... This is beyond embarrassing. Bruh. Help me when you press upload. I hate this for me, y'all.
C0s2m77p6FS|||people very rich but inside nothing you know outside they are very rich nice house nice cars and everything inside nothing yes you know and they don't know what's the meaning of happiness what would you say is the meaning of happiness happiness is we can get happy with money or without money i know in my country some people they are very rich there's a billions of billions but they can't eat well because there's a cancer from here yes some people very rich they can't walk well there's a problem for a leg of course yeah but i'm poor i don't have anything but i'm very healthy i can nice walk i can talk with people you know what i mean i can eat well everything i can do in my best of course but some people rich but they are not healthy
C0ZEGE9I9ek|||When you set your standards or you set your boundaries, people are going to say, oh, you think you're all that. I am. And I don't care. I am. And I don't need you to make me feel like I am. I'm going to set this standard and I'm going to live by this standard. And I'm not going to let anybody come into my life, not even be a business partner, not be a marriage partner, not be a girlfriend, boyfriend, and pull me down to where you are.
C0RPqIWqmq-|||More type of people who you should not trust. Number one, who have cheated people in the past, because they will do the same to you. Number two, who always talk bad about other people, because they talk bad about you to other people too. Number three, who never take actions on themselves, because they are lacking in awareness, motivation, and responsibilities. Number four, people who do not accept their mistakes in anything, because they have their own ego problem to deal with.
C0eHarAIXn9|||We're born alone, we die alone. And in between, we spend our lives looking for something, connection, that's all we want. Every once in a while, we might find it in a true friend. Many friendships will come only to fade as quickly as a firework, but some, a rare and precious few, turn life up to eleven and keep it there. You gotta hold on to friends like these because, just like air, you'll miss them when they're gone. No one else gets it, but they do, cause they know what's in your soul, your heart, your mind. They can blindside you, come out of nowhere, but you'll know them right away, you'll click as perfectly as a jack plug into an amp. They'll know what you're thinking before you've thought it, anticipating your every move. They'll understand the demons, as well as the angels inside of you, never judging you for it either. And together, you'll uncage a thrill that makes you surge with life, but don't be fooled. Friendships are not easy, you gotta put the effort in, and take as good care of them as you do your own flesh, pleasure.
C0g_70QJ7S8|||When you get what you want, that's God's direction. But when you don't get what you want, that's God's protection.
CsxiOlcgdxR|||See the curtains hangin' in the window In the evening on a friday night Little light is shinin' through the window Let's me know everything's alright Summer breeze makes me feel fine Blowin' through the jasmine in my mind Summer breeze makes me feel fine Blowin' through the jasmine in my mind
C0MET0Svk5R|||quote I heard from amazing entrepreneur, Alex Ramosi, and he said, one simple question you can ask yourself is, why can't I 10X this business? Or why can't you do three times more sales than you already are doing? Why can't you hire 10 more people? Why can't you start that new industry? And when you ask this really audacious, bold question, the first problems that instinctively appear are the problems that you need to solve to accomplish that. So for example, if you're like, why can't I 10X this business? You go, well, we would need 100 different people to do that. You're like, oh, okay, so you need to hire 100 people. But we would need at least six, seven people to manage all those people. Okay, so now you need to hire that. Well, we'd have to spend 10 times more money. Okay, now I gotta figure out how to get more money. And while those things are gonna be difficult to achieve, you now know that you essentially need to hire 100 people, you need to find eight people that can manage it, and you need 10X the budget to produce that result. So you took this complex problem and made it extremely simple by just identifying the real problems and then solving and breaking and reverse engineering each one of those problems.
Cr1KYEKphv9|||This for all the girls around the world. Two steps ahead like being pressed go rock this pants like a freaking dress 100K I don't see no less got my name engraved on American Express this is for the girls independent like me got my feelings in my pockets I'm weird on my sleeves trips to Toronto trips to Belize my whole wardrobe paid off by me
CsqXhLAPwUg|||Hey everyone, happy Thursday. So for today's thought, I wanted to go off of some words of wisdom that Autumn shared during the 21 day fix super block that I just completed. And the one in particular, trust me, she has so much to share, which I love. But the one thing in particular is in regards to where you put your energy. Are you putting your energy into the problem or are you putting your energy into the solution? Because dependent on where you have that energy going is what's going to grow and get bigger and bigger and bigger. So I'm going to just safely guess that you don't want to continue to put energy into the problem. You want to put energy into solution. So what do I mean by that? What I mean is yes, the problem's there, but don't focus so much on it. Really turn your attention to whatever the solution might be for that problem. I'll give an example in regards to happiness. I want to be happy. Okay, well what does that mean to you? If maybe evaluating your day-to-day, identifying things throughout your day or in your life that are bringing you more negative, down-the-dump feelings, then maybe change it. Maybe implement, you know, I'm a huge advocate for movement. Maybe add more movement into your life. Maybe get some activities that you know you'll enjoy to nurture the happiness. So put the energy where you want it to go and into the solution.
CtnkowBgDFi|||Whether your boss says it or not, these are the five key signs which indicate that you are an awesome employee. Number one, you are the company's go to person. If you are regularly asked to contribute your ideas and suggestions on different areas of work, it means you are the company's go to person. Number two, your reputation in the organisation is of a problem solver. You don't talk about problems, your focus is only on solutions. Number three, you are listed as one of your managers alternative contacts in their out of office messages. Number four, you are treated with respect and number five, you can communicate easily with your manager.
C0kjbdRu3Ni|||What's your biggest pain point right now? Meaning what keeps you up at night, what makes you go into a frenzy or a panic and just looking at it as despair? Can you resolve that right now where you're at doing nothing, only coasting? If you know the answer is no, why don't you do something to change it? Maybe you're like me and didn't realize that there was a solution out there. If you're tired of laying in bed at night, freaking out, let's chat.
C0bzoPyrTF8|||Thank you for watching!
C0bKJWXtpUh|||Don't complain, don't talk negative, that's average people talk normal, average people talk problems, the greats talk solutions. Average people use their time to whine and complain. Average people say it's their boss' fault, it's their mother's fault. I used to be average, I used to say, when is my daddy coming to get me, when is my biological father going to come in my life, and when I would talk like that I end up getting kicked out of school, and when I talk like that I end up being homeless, and when I talk like that I was broke. And then one day I woke up and said, Eric, nobody's coming to save you, nobody's coming to get you, but you can go to the library and get yourself.
C0b4sCuMZlc|||Namaskar everyone. Today's affirmations I am pure bliss. I am pure bliss. I am pure bliss. It's a great practice to stay content in life. It's a great practice to stay in great joy in life and it is a great practice to stay positive in life. And this will help you to to achieve everything you want to achieve and still stay detached from it. So keep practicing, keep reminding that I am pure bliss. From Shanti.
C0o3x4PtODA|||Is your opinion on people that code into business for the sole purpose of making money? I've actually seen this before. Um if you go into business to make money, you going to have problems. But if you go into the business to solve problems, you going to make the money, you going to get the freedom that comes with it.
C0iH1m6omf1|||Thanks for watching!
C0k_Lg2RrIt|||Hi everyone, the 21st avenues and winterworkshops are back. 15 days of fun activities and immersive sessions that have built critical thinking, self worth and confidence and yes the core communication skills for life. The next batches are starting soon but seats are limited. Enroll before 16th December 2020 check. To enroll scan the code or reach us on WhatsApp.
C0QaStUNPr3|||Don't know if any of what we do matters in the end. What I do know that matters is the people we hitch ourselves to and the indelible mark they leave upon our very being. I was reading a passage recently where a character was asking which is more important, the journey or the destination. And the other replied, it's the company. And I couldn't agree more.
C0Q9EhttLpm|||Vincent, the author of self-made man, has died by assistance side. She's a radical feminist who believed men lived on easy mode and tried to prove it by disguising herself as a man for two years. Instead, what she found out is that men actually have it very hard and wrote a book about her experience. The experience was so bad that she had to stop after 18 months because she was starting to hate women due to how bad the women treated her when she believed she was a man. Men are suffering. They have different problems that women have but they don't have it better. They need our sympathy They need our love. They need each other more than anything else. They need to be together. Do you think women understand what it's like to be a man? Not at all. No clue. No idea. I really like being me and I really like being a woman. Did you like being a woman before Ned? I did but I like it more now because I think it's more of a privilege.
Bx8VsGUBO-W|||I'm here in London trying out this Portofino Ferrari only one problem with this car look at these seats who can fit in this it reminds me of Zoolander when he's like what is this the center for ants have to do my my blue steel
C0sYusRqLEg|||Back in the 50s, there was a company that manufactured drinking glasses and shipped them. They packaged them in newspaper to keep them from breaking. But what was happening is the people who worked wrapping the glasses would see an interesting article and they'd start reading it. Their profitability plummeted. They didn't know how to solve this problem. So they got together, the leaders said, what are we going to do about this problem with the productivity? These workers are reading the newspaper articles, they're not doing their jobs. So they had the usual punishments and rewards and looked into like packaging alternatives. And then someone finally said, you know what? We should just poke out their eyeballs. It's a bad idea, messy idea, illegal idea. But that idea is what gave them the idea to look for visually impaired people who could otherwise not find jobs. They hired them to package the glasses. They weren't interested in the articles, but actually they had strong tactile skills. So they packaged the glasses more carefully. They had less breakage. Poking out their eyes is a bad idea, but that's the idea that gave them the idea that changed absolutely everything for their company.
B_DDl-XlQr-|||Thanks for watching!
C0hvrqYNpRL|||It
Cm4OVj-oiYT|||We're starting a new project while revisiting an old project. We never finished the modular cubic workbench. We got it to a functional state but now we're going back and adding more drawers and storage. This is going to be a storage area for all of the router parts. And because this is a modular workbench, it's pretty easy just to disassemble one of the cubes, pop it off, and make updates to it. This is just part one. Stay tuned for more. Thanks.
CezJZz7gRk-|||Answering a few questions about the vacuum switcher, it does in fact have magnets that help align the tubes and hold the cap above the holes. The first version of the switcher was simple and used PVC pipe and a flat board. The problem was stray sawdust built up in the grooves and made it harder to switch, hence switching to a more organic rounded design. People have also mentioned that PVC can build up a static electrical charge and possibly start a fire. I don't know if that's true, but I'm not going to take that chance. I've got a lot of comments from folks saying that this sucks, and I agree.
C0X6QRUSggO||| 
C0He3qhqNqL|||Sweet dreams are made of these. Who am I to disagree? Travel the world, I'm a feather in the sky.
Cwh7FDCAxxN|||For working on your first data analytics project. Start with the question you want to answer or problem you want to solve. Find a data set that is relevant to your question or problem. Clean and prepare the data. Explore the data to understand patterns. Choose the appropriate data analytics techniques to analysis data. Analyse and model the data using these techniques you selected. Then interpret the results and finally communicate your
CzSLkdqMRzF|||Six habits of people with high IQ. One, they talk to themselves. Two, they have a high sense of humor. Three, they like solitude. Four, they are open-minded. Five, they have high observation skills. Six, they do not complain. They produce solutions. Which of these characteristics do you possess?
C0gkwQ1uOq6||| 
C0jYus1M0sC|||You got that dreams, dreams, daydreams
C0cBEKnuTlW|||
C0J5jTTOEBL|||Did a post a while back about putting grooves in to carry Loctite down into a bore and this is an opportunity to see what when upon disassembly what actually happened if you look at that unbelievably uniform layer of Loctite and this was a press fit this was not clearance that's got a unbelievably smooth uniform layer of Loctite that cured in there and was immensely harder to get apart than before I put the grooves in when we press them apart I didn't get any of the so that's definitely a winner that's proof that those grooves really really do a immense job of taking Loctite and evenly distributing it down the boar
C0kh4XlBMyl||| 
CmwNhHVIyQh|||the next, video!!
CxnkL0Augbg|||ដឺហតស្ចាម។
Cz4dBBxuFw7|||Xiaomi Redmi Note 8 Pro screen replacement has been successfully carried out.
Cxs3GFuOGjp|||I do, I do always remember thinking unique and thinking different, you know what I'm saying? Whether it's advanced, above, beyond, or below. You know, I just feel like I think unique. I think, from my perspective, the way I see things. And you know, that worked against me at times and that worked for me a lot of times, but I think with art and with music, your fans choose you for your opinion. And you gotta stay true to your opinion through the whole shit because they chose you for what you think is dope and what you believe in and what you are passionate about.
C0NFSA_OcJP|||솥cepulaul ó t� With a cup ofdernake ល្លបយ្ទៅទៅទWait 1 hour ស្៬ូទ ឫ។ កៜទ ក្ម។ ៕ទ ក្ម។ ក្ម។ ក្ម។
C0hrgBcuZhz|||Thanks for watching.
Cxs7phKODbk|||But tell them if I don't survive I was born free I was born free I was born free
C0hBYGcO9Z1|||I can't stop I can't stop
C0kuQtKO2QT|||Now, as you can see, the dial is moving all over the place. That means that we're not centered on the bore. Once we start moving this one axis, you can see it's starting to get a little bit smoother. Now it's getting more again, so we move back a little bit, and it smooths out. We move this axis until it gets less, and then more. Now this one will move back again. Like that. And this one.
C0jqCqtOJUo|||Watch out boy, she'll chew you up Oh, here she comes She's a man-eater
C0jp7DKONi_|||Hey, get your bubble wrap. Let's paint the easiest holiday card with the cutest bow.
C0odycfJjix|||Us understand what are the benefits of sales roles. So number one, you can determine your performance. As you know sales is a number game and your performance can easily be measured. Number two, you have a power to choose good leads. It's in your control what is your target audience and whom you want to reach out to. What type of leads you want to engage with. Number three, clear measurement of success. In a your organisation everybody can easily recognise your success path that how you have performed and how you have achieved the success over a period of Four, can exceed prospects expectations. Means you have an opportunity to delight your customer with your services or with your product and whatever the new offerings which are offered. Number 5, you will build muscles for certain task. Means when you are interacting with lot of people, you get habitual to handling objections and specific scenarios. So, it will help you to understand different kind of people and engage with number six, you will a problem solver. On a day to day basis, you will be providing lot of solution to your customer and it becomes an habitual in your day to day life as well. As number seven, you will build ability to handle rejections because you might not be able to close all the deals and you will be getting lot of rejections as well. So, you will develop that ability. Thanks for watching. Keep liking sensationalsaleswithsandeep.
CgpAdsitjx4|||The more I see, the less I know But I know one thing, that I love you I love you, I love you, I love you I love you, I love you
C0TL4dguCb1|||This is the classic integral that showed up on the MIT integration beat. I solved it a specific way, but someone commented a different method, so we're going to go ahead and explore that together. I still find it hard to believe that this was on an MIT integration beat, but the first thing that people do is they notice that we can rewrite the bottom into this, because this becomes a perfect square with that minus 1. And now we can go ahead and use u-substitution. Here's our value for dx, and we can go ahead and rewrite the integral. A couple things are going to happen. The x to the 9 are going to go away. Now we can go ahead and bring that 10 that was in the denominator and put it out in the front. And notice that I need to change my parameters. When x was equal to 2, u was going to equal to 2 to the power of 10 minus 24, and when x is equal to infinity, u is also infinity. And now we're ready to find the improper integral, but first we need to go ahead and take care of this infinity by giving it this limit. And don't forget, this is not an arctan integral, but it is a special type of integral that you should know. And now we go ahead and use the first fundamental theorem of calculus. And when we take the limit, this value becomes 1, but natural log of 1 is 0, so this goes away. And now we've got the beautiful solution.
Cxj7p-PO5pD|||you'll probably find the domain for this function all wrong. So in order to find the domain for this function, we're first gonna go ahead and find the discontinuities. We get eight and negative eight. And this is where pre-calc students get confused. We have a square root function and keep in mind that every value inside the square root has to be greater than or equal to zero. We factor it out and we get the values that make this equal to zero is negative seven and four. Here I have my values in the number line and I know they can exist within the function. So I'm gonna go ahead and put a closed circle. And now we're gonna test points. When we test our points, I'm only gonna test points within the square root, because that's the only time where there's some constraints. Now I'm gonna test my points using the factored form. So for negative nine, we have a negative value times a negative value. That's a positive. For negative 7.5, we get a negative value times a negative value. Again, that's also a positive. For zero, we get a positive value times a negative. That's a negative. So we know this cannot be in our domain. For six, we have a positive times a positive and that's gonna be a positive, that fits. And for nine, we have a positive times a positive and that makes it a positive value. So that also fits in our domain. So now at the end, we say that our domain is negative infinity to negative eight, not included, union negative eight to negative seven, bracket, union, bracket four to eight, union eight to infinity.
CzexLkiSyh2||| 
C0P1hwqvoZt|||This is a basic question that everyone studying calculus should know. You're given F prime and asked to find the original function crossing through a specific point. Let's go ahead and do this together but make sure you save this video. This is a classic. We have F prime and we want to find the original function. And that just means that this is going to be the integral of this particular F prime solving this using the power rule and now we're going to go ahead and clean this up Now we have the original F of X but with this plus C and this is what you need to remember every single time. We are given the particular point so we're going to go ahead and plug that negative one in for the X and our five is going to be the Y. And now we simplify. And we get that the C value for this particular solution is nine And now we have the equation for the original F of X. Don't you ever miss this type of problem in any test.
C0rC-V0RmQy|||I can take the shit you need and I'm both back on line Middle finger to the line I'm gonna go out like a brother ass Need your action right now I'mma run up on a nigga, shoot my line With the bitches in the ground I can take the shit you need and I'm both back on line Middle finger to the line I'm gonna go out like a brother ass Need your action right now I'mma run up on a nigga, shoot my line
CsF_dsjvvaj|||Why is teaching shapes important? Teaching basic shapes for kids helps them understand their own observations. Kids take some time before they can actually name the shapes that they see. Kids tend to mix up similar shape letters like B and D. Once a child is comfortable identifying shapes, they can start learning mathematical operations like addition and subtraction. Facial recognition and navigation skills are swiftly developed amongst kids who can categorize and compare various shapes. Brain development thinking skills are really important for a kid in preschool or kindergarten. Kids love to play around the park. This is important for development of their motor skills. Learn more with Q Math.
C0tnTkGrlM-|||I found light in the beautiful sea, I chose to be happy You and I, we're like diamonds in the sky You're a shooting star I see, a vision of ecstasy When you hold me, I'm alive
C0hUfNrIp4c||| 
Cr8WOOJgpKj|||You
C0dXQz-rU66|||Hello Guys, Welcome to Maths with Pawan Verma इस तरीकी के सवाल आपको एसे से CGL, CHSL, MTS, JD में देखने को मिलते हैं तो आएए देखते हैं कि सॉटकर्ट तरीके से कैसे इसको सौल्फ कर जा सकता है आप equation देख रहे हैं कि minus में equation है तो last का fraction को देखी कि क्या लिखा गया है one by four तो one और four लिखता हूं और जितनी बार minus लिखी गई है वो minus को count कर ले तो four times minus लिखी गई है तो आब आपको subtract करना है कैसे तो इस sequence में subtract करना है four minus one is three three minus four is minus one minus one minus three is minus four और minus four minus one becomes minus three मतलब आप इस last वाले equation में देखें to minus four minus minus one करना है तो minus three आएगा वैसे ही इस fraction को लिखेंगे minus minus cancel होगा और four by three आपका answer हो जाएगा तो इसी तरीकी का मैंने एक और सवाल आपके लिए रखा है इसका answer comment कीज़े और वीडियो अच्छी लगी तो like कीज़े Thank you
Cyvl09UtDEP||| 
C0UL8HxICVU|||Explore the world in your way Create memories that you won't forget You only live once, so don't waste your time Please don't waste your time Don't waste your time
Csn6--nsB4D|||Thanks for watching!
CslXUozP4aN||| 
CsqBd0XJ2Fl|||ាូងល្សុូ᠈មី្ម្ង្នេាំត្វចណៈ឵្មី។
CsN-rxbxA2T|||She's a, she's a, she's a fighter, oh, she's a, oh, oh
CvFuIEAxsxH|||Who created algorithms? Meet Al-Khwarizmi, the brilliant mind whose genius birthed the foundations of algorithms long before the advent of computers and calculators. Emerging as a torchbearer, he ignited a mathematical revolution. Within the sanctuary of his observatory, Al-Khwarizmi immersed himself in the enigmas of the cosmos, tracing constellations and unlocking celestial secrets that guided sailors, dreamers, and scholars alike. Beyond the stars, his true joy lay in nurturing aspiring scholars, forming deep connections with students from all walks of life, fostering a melting pot of knowledge that sparked brilliance in every eager mind. With chalk in hand, Al-Khwarizmi indelibly transformed the world of mathematics. On a board, he penned the words Al-Jabr wal-Muqabala, giving birth to the compendious book on calculation by completion and balancing caused monumental leap in human understanding. His groundbreaking equations laid the path for innovative problem-solving, setting forth a cascade of ingenuity that would shape the course of history. Follow to learn more.
C0ONtxHNsjE|||Cahitarf who lived between 1910 to 1997 was a prominent Turkish mathematician known for his contributions to algebraic geometry and number theory. He is particularly renowned for his work on what is now called the Arfan variant. A mathematical concept used to classify oriented knots. Arf made significant contributions to algebraic topology and quadratic forms as well. Throughout his career, he held various academic positions and played a key role in developing mathematics education in Turkey. His legacy continues to influence modern mathematics.
C0aiCJhCl4y|||Question number six, twice the number N increased by eleven is the same as six times the number decreased by nine. What's the value of N? Let's assume the number is represented by the variable N here. According to the information given, the equation can be written like this. To N plus 11 is equal to six N minus nine. To solve for N we can start by simplifying the equation so we add nine to this side and also subtract two N from this side so we get eleven plus nine is equal to six N minus two N so twenty gets equal to four N in here we just divide both side of the equation by four and N gets equal to five. This is the answer.
C0bQQKxtFOx|||Adalovelace born Augusta Ada Byron in 1815 was an English mathematician and writer. She is renowned for her work on Charles Babbage's early mechanical general purpose computer, The Analytical Engine. Ada is often considered the first computer programmer. Due to her notes and annotations that included a detailed algorithm for the machine to calculate her newly numbers making her contributions a crucial precursor to modern programming. Her insights into the potential of computers extended beyond mere calculation. Dot envisioning their ability to create music and art. AdaLovelace's work and legacy have had a significant impact on the field of computer science.
C0YD8NzIXg5|||ប្រាត់មវនានិត្រោះអាផិត្រោះម្រោះម្រាលាន់ពឺ្មាំជះបំទៅអ្រោះម្រោះម្រោះក្យាន់រៅអ្រៅអ្រៅ។ ត្រាន់នៅសអ្រាប់រាបនជប់ក្ម្រោះម្រៅម្រៅរៅអ្រៅ⟔
CtrV7Z5pOl_|||Hello students, let's learn some basic rules of exponents today. X to the power A into X to the power B. When base are same, numbers are in multiplication, powers gets added. X to the power A plus B. When base are same, numbers are in division, powers get subtracted. X to the power A minus B and X to the power A to the power B. Ander key power, Baharki power gets multiplied. To X to the power A B to remove negative power reciprocal X one by X to the power positive one and any number any variable to the power zero is equal to one. Hope you enjoyed and like the video. Thank you so much.
CvsJ-wDg-1_|||Sike! That's the wrong number! Going in the wind as a patty of a tooth that is naked It's verbatim and it's shaded Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na No more getting elated 
CqNlf6SjOko|||The Importance of Professional Ethics in the Accounting Industry If you are currently in the industry, being a pursuing qualification or already being qualified, you already know the importance of ethics. Any qualification that you might be pursuing, be it a C8, an ACC8, a CP8 or any other accounting qualification, you are most likely to come across an ethics board. Ethics is simply allowing an individual to make the right decision between what is right or wrong in every context, giving you a framework or guidance on how to make these decisions. Of course, we understand in ethics, there is no definite right or no definite wrong and hence, studying the same allows you to make the right decisions in challenges that you might come across in your professional journey. Reach out in the video's description.
CzY-gqKuOvz|||Good morning everyone, it's Trevor here, just wanted to jump on this morning, it's a beautiful sunny day here in Ottawa, a little bit crisp but still nice. Just off to go meet up with an investor friend that is newer to the industry and reached out to me just randomly to say they were feeling a little bit stuck and wanted to run some numbers on some property. So here we go, gonna go meet up for a coffee and maybe some lunch and see if we can't crunch some numbers. Anyways, hope everyone has a great day, talk to you, bye.
CvzhAOYt5Fy|||↑↑↑↑↑↑↑↑↑↑↑↑ing
C0gQiXFOArr|||Daydream, I fell asleep amid the flowers, for a couple of hours.
CxWwjpKx9H6|||Is a method that make calculus students also happy. It's called the and I'm going to show you two examples and this too said that if you get some sort of indeterminate form then what you can do is turn our function into a fraction where you take the derivative of the top and of the bottom separately. In this first limit, if we go ahead and use direct substitution, you will see that we get zero over zero and that's an indeterminate form and now we can go ahead and take the derivative of the top and of the bottom separately or we have one over two X plus three and now we go ahead and plug in the negative back into our function and we get one over negative four plus three or negative one. In this limit you'll see that we plug in infinity and we get infinity times sign of one over infinity. One over infinity is zero so we have infinity times zero which is an indeterminate form. And in order for us to use row we need to turn this into a fraction and this is the tricky part. All you have to do is rewrite this into this if you try to use some basic fraction arithmetic you'll see that this is the same value now we can go ahead and take the derivative at the top and at the bottom I get this value using chain roll and there's a derivative at the bottom and you'll notice that these functions cancel out and that leaves us with this limit where we can go ahead and plug in infinity once again one over infinity is zero A cosign of zero is just equal to one.
C0ohnwvr8XE|||Balloon six pack each one eight dollars okay forty-eight hmm each ninety twelve dollars nine times twelve one or eight calculation super math Exact. Multiplication. Very good job Manna. You get a scarf for this. Very well done. Check out their page from more details.
C0VLrUpxLJc|||Let's talk about solving this particular integral. It's going to involve some substitution and rearrangings to buckle up, because we're about to have some fun. I find this integral really satisfying, and I'm going to start off by making x equal to tan theta. And when we take the derivative, we get that as our dx. Now let's change our parameters. When x is equal to 0, theta is equal to 0. And when x is equal to 1, theta is equal to pi over 4. Now we have this new integral where you notice that 1 plus tan square theta is the same thing as secant square theta, because that's an identity, so these cancel out. Now all we have to do is integrate this value here. And now we're going to go ahead and use something called the King's rule, where this integral is the same thing as this integral, where you have a plus b minus x. So that means that this integral here is equal to the natural log of 1 plus tan of pi over 4 minus theta. And we can use a difference formula for tangent. And now we recognize that tan pi over 4 is equal to 1, which might look like it's getting worse, but we're going to go ahead and get common denominators and we can add the 1 to this. And check this out. The tan thetas cancel out, and 1 plus 1 is equal to 2. We're almost there. We can go ahead and use the properties of logarithms to subtract these. And now let's go ahead and add this to the other side. This is just the constant, so we can integrate this using the first fundamental theorem of calculus. And now we go ahead and divide the 2 to the other side. And now we have our solution. Boom.
C0Aw1MPoPUq|||1. 2.
C0DSnrus4wo|||You don't think so, I'm basic, I'm basic, I'm basic No one else thinks I'm that special Need more than that, but more than 40 of us I ain't asking for shit, it makes all right Living in a world filled out of our minds, yeah Living in a world full of dirt and bullshit A new year that's came and takes your attention Son of a bitch! All you wanna do is get hit You know I don't know why I'm so, so stressed Like a fuck! Now I'm out of breath When I take a little breath And I ain't supposed to work I'm ready to give up so I can control the world Who is me? What am I? What do they think? I don't know, but I'll explain You got to see what I'm getting to I'm about to realize a straight shot Boy, I'm about to say I might be real to me Cause I'll be there to prove it The game is yours So you gotta fight through it And it's worth it Might as well just make a bet The game's right here When the game is dead And when you think that you're out of time You got to take a second look Yo, what's up, man?
C0ghLgMPztb|||បសន់បបសស់បវឹមក្របូាស់ក្រុម្មស្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ ពាក្បបើក្វោ។
C0Ir-kTI2sR|||♪ It goes like this ♪ ♪ Look ahead in your car and you'll lead to you ♪
CruHq2ApDf4|||Okay so if there's two squirrels per tree there might be more. And there's 50, 000 trees. 50, 000 times two is 100, 000 squirrels and I've peed on 10 trees. So 10 times 220 squirrels. 100000 minus 20 is 9-nine thousand nine hundred eighty squirrels. Holy
C0reUnatewQ|||.
CyR8oAFxwYz|||Let's do a review of the Rational Root Theorem. This is something you'll definitely see in pre-calculus, so make sure you save this video. So if we're going to solve this using the Rational Root Theorem, we need to remember that we need to find the factors of the constant and divide that by the factors of the leading coefficient. So the possible factors for our constant, which is negative 3, is going to be plus or minus 1, or plus or minus 3, divided by the possible factors for the leading coefficient, and that's just going to be plus or minus 1. That leaves us with these possible factors. So now we need to test these values using synthetic division, and let's go with 3. I have 3 on the outside, and I have these coefficients inside. We get a remainder of 0, and now we know that this function factors out to this. We can't factor this out, so we're going to go ahead and use the quadratic formula. We get the remaining factors, and now we've found the roots for the function.
C0tnmP4rAuX|||So hold your life and your children Cause there is no one like you She won't turn
C0myBYiN6Cx|||
Cz99PU2JB-p|||An optimization problem that calculus teachers love to give their students. If you're taking calculus and learning about optimization then you might want to save this video. The question goes like this. You have a rectangle inscribe the semi circle. With the equation Y is equal to root 25 minus X squared. And what they want us to do is maximize the area. Here's the tricky part because we're on a coordinate plane we're going to label this X and this side will also be X. And the height will be our Y. Though the equation for the aerial becomes two X times Y. Cuz we're working with optimization. We're going to use this equation here to plug it in into our value of A so that we can an equation just with X and because we're trying to optimize we're going to take the derivatives instead equal to zero and guess what we're going to use product root here hopefully you can follow along as to how I got that derivatives over here a couple things cancel out not that I set this equal to zero some people call this cheating but you can go ahead and move this to the other side and then multiply the root 25 minus X squared to the other side so that we're left with two X squared is equal to two times 25 minus X squared let's go ahead and create some space here you. Much better and let's go ahead and distribute the two and bring the two X squared to the other side. We divide by four and take the square root. And you'll see that this simplifies to five root 2 over 2. Now we have two values of Xs but the negative cannot be true because we can never have a negative length. So our X value is going to be five root two. So what's the Y value?
C0DAcjQxsnn||| 
C0hS1IERszq|||Don't make me get up on my seat.
C0SYay7BhS7|||
ChZsn1ljP04|||Sometimes I wish that I could freeze the picture the funny tricks of time slipping through my fingers I'll try to capture
CKVTdEEJCeP|||♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
C0rlFT8Lzdx|||You make everyday feel like it's Christmas never want to stop feeling like the first thing on your wish list right about the top I can't deny what I'm and think about the way we everyday feel it's Christmas everyday that I'm with you. Look at the lights twinkling bright twenty-four seven. This could be heaven
C0sNFE2oli_|||Hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop Eight seconds I do pass Waiting be your compass Fly you around the world Maldives, Santorini While you find Versace I love you, you're mighty Even if now a grandeur I gon' still love you, my one name Follow bomba to bomba I gon' be your defender When I lose my breath, baby Would you be my hiena? Too many things I don't realize When I'm with you, what a fantasize Would you be my only lover When I'm with you all my life Me a no buy like Babu But you still love me like this Even if now taboo You gon' still want me, my boo Oh, my Cinderella Don't you worry I'll be your umbrella Hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop
C0ffsE8Pc1w|||But it's gonna be a good day Though things are going sideways I got a smile on my face Nothing's gonna break me down Cause I know, whatever happens He knows, he'll never leave me alone I'll be okay And it's gonna be a good day It's gonna be a good day Oh
C0qVtJfrQPP|||attempting as it seems to let myself believe all the signs that meet them what am I gonna do? what am I gonna do? I'm questioning the way it works what did I do to deserve this change of rhythm so bitter I'm getting butt hurt by almost every
CnkldMaDB0y|||🔥🔥🔥
C0pS8YDORcN|||We're here to celebrate your fun and travel this year. What went well? What do you want to celebrate as far as the things you did that were fun? And where did you go? What fun celebrations do you have for the travel that you took?
C0e8-8NJawv|||This is called the cookie creator. This is called the Play Doh Kitchen Creator. Yeah, I don't know how to read y'all but I'm getting a cookie but I'm learning how to read. You're learning how to read. Scription. I can help. Is there something else inside? Just show it in the I can't put the blame mommy. Oh let me help you. Fly now. Okay let's open it Nasa. She Where's the lettuce? The lettuce. Okay so we got hot dogs. Not yet. Don't show yet. Okay. Can I have some more to cut celery again with you? Got some shish kebab. I think it's time to to get random again. I think it's time to get random again. Yes. Yep. Yeah, maybe we can just take all of it off. You know, we make em? Yeah. Can we make
C0FQo26oe0n|||
C0jpd9KOfVh|||I just came to say, hello Hello Hello Hello Oh, oh, oh I'm not the kind of girl that you know
CegVVI1ovu5||| 
CXT0_hwJBga|||So keep it up, quench my desire, and I'll be at your side forevermore. You know you love me, keep on lifting me higher, higher and higher.
C0snmiuxp59|||Thanks for your time.
CqFAjONP1MN|||With you just keep it white and black as if I'm your sister I'm too hip to hop around trying to hit with you I know I all I get is wild thoughts when I'm with you all I get is wild thoughts
C0tDF9itdds|||Away. Ask boy. Every is too many things I don't you.
CzilCQ7tyDa|||I can't let you go, now that I got it And now all I need is to be struck by your reluctance And now all I need is to be struck by your electric love Baby, you're electric
C0h4aqXPy7A|||Time. Cheese time. You bring it over here. Here's number six. Five. We did five yesterday. Remember you ate it all? December 6th. And this one. What color is it? Yellow. It's yellow. Some people. So will call it orange. Yes. Are you ready for it? Red Lester. Red Lester. There's no pepper. There's no pepper. Can mama have the last piece? No. Okay. Can you say red Lester? What is it? Is it red, orange, or yellow? Rabbit Willy. Yeah. Bye. See you later. Bye.
C0dOwdoo-_T|||Thank you for watching the video.
Cjqfk_dJj3R|||Nothing like I've ever seen it's just a thing of beauty
Ctrc5VFoPCM|||It's like that
Ctpy6HtgE2v|||Nothing in my brain
CvNC18TA2ZR|||Here's to the ones that we got cheers to the wish you were here but you're not because the drinks bring back all the memories of everything we've been through.
CuwlgJvA3cX|||The secret to happiness. Spend more time with animals and less time with idiots.
C0PK6vFxuKa|||
Ct2ERq4gfe4|||Ten, ten, ten, 20s in the 50s **** I'm a **** star.
CuE1VAQAdfT|||I'm unstoppable, I'm a Porsche with no brakes I'm invincible, yeah I win every single game I'm so powerful, I don't need batteries to play I'm so confident, yeah I'm unstoppable today
CuCWT9dgwbE|||Good morning, my neighbor! Hey, fuck you! Yes! Fuck you too!
CuZj0q_gQOB|||This is the Himalayan Fur Goblin and it's one of the planet's deadliest animals. This creature is a mind-altering parasite and uses gullible people to carry out its life cycle.
CvcZ-32gNVo|||and I'd choose you. In a hundred lifetimes, in a hundred worlds, in any version of reality, I'd find you and I'd choose you.
C0eZjb_OjUg|||These are the moments, the moments we live for Once in a lifetime, everything we want and more This is the start of a new day, the good life, ooh These are the moments we live for
C0hn1TQP209|||បានំរុងះនំរាស់ស់រជាស់ស់រាម្រាស់រាស់រាម្រាស់។
Ct6wOTQg9w2|||I got the results today from my doctor. He said I was a beast. No, he said you were obese. Oh, okay. That was rude.
Cx5pjjErrk5|||Thank you for being a friend Oh, oh, oh, yeah Traveled down the road and back again Said we started from the bottom, now we're here, girl And it's true Oh, yeah Well, and I can't fit on This is my part right here Oh, oh, oh, oh If I didn't want it If I didn't, if I didn't If I didn't want it No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no The biggest gift The biggest Thank you for being my friend Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, yeah Hallelujah
C0sPfhCrCyK|||Strange days have found a
Cxa2GzuPuAT|||Boom. Whoo. Happy. Random. Bye.
CwRXitFINAa|||Alright, so Adrian and I are walking out the door. So, we're going to Colorado. So, we're going to go to Elko tonight and then Colorado for the expo. Yahoo, here we go. Is going to drive the Jeep. Squatch. And it sucks me in behind this trot. It's so windy. He got the action he got the motion the boat should be turning on the night
CxjFeToSMQA|||Letting it all hang out. I like laying stack back rounded together everybody knows this is how the story goes she knows she's got everything. That a woman needs with sushi you. A house. I'm just letting it all hang out at ain't holding nothing back.
C0rAjM0OlP3|||Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kidneys Red copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with string These are a few of my favorite things Cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudels Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles Loggies that lie with the moon on their wings These are a few of my favorite things Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes Silver white winters that melt into spring These are a few of my favorite things When the dawn bites, when the bees sting When I'm feeling sad I simply remember my favorite things And then I don't feel so bad
C0smP4YNWQy||| 
CCLww0mB5om|||1, kindle, 2, 3, great, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, Four and a half.
ChQrlSMA_Tm|||Man or woman to pump me up.
CTX99BrJPir|||You know, instead of waiting for a good day to happen, you know, waiting around through ups and downs, you know, I, I just said, look We're gonna have, we're gonna have a good day And all my homies wanna ride today And all these mommies look fly today And all we wanna do is get by today, hey We're gonna have a good day And ain't nobody gotta cry today Cause ain't nobody gonna die today You can save that trouble for another day, hey
CwrQ4d7tZB8|||Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man, no time to talk The music loud, the women warm I've been gigglin' around since I was born Well, now it's all right, I don't care And you may look the other way But we can try to understand And do your time's up, it don't matter Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother You stayin' alive, stayin' alive Feel the city riggin' and everybody shakin' Stayin' alive, stayin' alive Ah, ah, ah, ah Stayin' alive, stayin' alive
CRrPL_qFGcP|||Are we back at this hashtag TIKTOK shit again?
CDBzM8vFq2j|||Okay, let's see what happens.
C0mCSC9rizS|||I don't like no whips and chains, and you can't tie me down, but you can whip your lovin' on me, baby, right?
C0bOF44vRET|||black color wow orange wow wow wow magenta color oh my god wow and the my beautiful color purple so beautiful so elegant just looking like a wow so beautiful so elegant just looking like a wow
C0g7B1TOZpB|||It's gonna be just like goin' home, yeah, it's gonna be Just like goin' home, yeah, it's gonna be just like goin' home, yeah, it's gonna be
C0c2MjZSr8d|||Mr. Love Lover, Mr. Love Lover, sexy on the cover She call me Miss A-Boombastic, tell me fantastic Touchin' on me box, she says I'm Mr. Row
C0rHb8WI_mJ|||If you like this video, please comment, like, and share it. Thank you for watching this video.
C0mFZqXKhJR|||Like I'm the only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love
C0dkyCsMTxt|||Drop it to the flow then Now leave.
C0qQfY3rZMI|||Got it going on, got it going on, got it going, got it going, got it going, got it going When the pimp's in the crib, ma, drop it like it's home
C0seBqqOqI_|||the next, video!!
C0g749NCsNn||| 
C0q_gS3twRp||| 
C0f395pS6vq|||Hey, watch it lady. Hey hey, good looking. I'll leave my bed so boring.
C0rSChprHUs|||I'm Mr. Lova Lova I'm Mr. Lova Lova She call me Mr. Bombastic Call me fantastic Touch me on my butt, she says I'm Mr. Ro Romantic Call me fantastic Touch me on my butt, she says I'm Mr. Ro
CyJ73ght87F|||One of the most important things, never, ever quit. Never quit. And I went to a great school. I went to the Wharton School of Finance. And in that school, I met a lot of people. A lot of people heading industry today and over the past. Very smart people. But I've watched some of the people grow. I've watched some of the most incredible, brilliant students. And they didn't make it like other people made it because they didn't have that drive. They didn't have that never-give-up ability.
C0NWxzXtsb4|||All men can change, but there is only one woman we will change for. There is only one.
C0fU8taC31p|||Ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, and nobody is going to hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done.
Cwp0J_fM5hm|||
C0Z7z-jCjwq|||Not a magic trick man. If you want to be successful, you have to get control of this. Like I was telling her earlier. Look, you can eradicate negative thinking from your life. Now, it's not going to say you're not going to ever have a negative thought. That's not human. I have them but I don't have them nowhere near as frequent as I used to because I learned what they are, how they work. I get rid of them. I don't have time for you. I'm on a positive track. I got things I'm trying to accomplish.
C0kt96xC1ST|||Seven point eight eight eight billion people in the world and the chances of you being born is one in four hundred trillion. Don't tell me that you don't matter. Don't tell yourself that you don't matter.
C0mg-3Sii7E|||Lazy people do a little work and think they should be winning but winners work as hard as possible and still worry if you're being lazy. So if you're a winner, you ain't comfortable.
C0kHZYDiZuO|||Anything you want good, you can have. So claim it. Work hard to get it. When you get it, reach back. Pull someone else up. Each one teach one. Don't just aspire to make a living. Aspire to make a difference.
C0SNK8SiBG7|||If you don't fail, you're not even trying. My wife told me this great expression. To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
C0gtcDGix_n|||You let people's perception of you dictate your behavior you will never grow as a person but if you leave yourself open to experience despite what others think then you will learn and grow.
Cw-sEklOaSb|||Honestly, watching this video hurt my heart. And I also realized that most people out there are not trained in understanding canine body language and behavior. So let's take a look at this together. We can see whale eye which is where the whites of the eyes are showing and that indicates fear. You can see that his ears are actually back and his weight is also shifted back. And he's thrashing side to side. But I do want to point out that he is not lunging forward. It does look like his person kind of restraining him with her legs. But you can still see the difference in weight shift when they want to lunge forward versus thrashing away from the person which is what this dog was doing. And that means that he's trying to escape. Now once he's dragged forward this guy does the one thing that you don't ever do to a fearful dog. You really don't do it to any dog. Why not? Oh look at that because it stresses them out so they bite. Yeah. Sounds about When a stranger approaches like this, it's perceived as dangerous. Which is exactly how this dog is interpreting it. Everything about this dog's body language says that he is panicked and he's trying to escape. So now this dog has gone into a freeze moment because he doesn't know what else to do. But as soon as he sees an opportunity he starts to try and thrash to get away again. I could give a more technical breakdown here but I don't need to. That is clearly terror in this dog's eyes. So again we've got the thrashing in an attempt to get away. And it's important remember that when we muzzle a dog, we are taking away their primary defense. I'm a big advocate for the use of muzzles but they should be conditioned appropriately and this is not the right use. Now, this dog is leaning back as hard as he can pulling against the leash but also looking over his shoulder at his person. He's looking for help. And now you'll see he actually defecates himself. And as he starts to get pulled forward again, he does start to turn to look probably for an escape route or to see if there is anyone who can help him. I don't know about you guys but if the person that I trusted the most took me to a room, handcuffed me, put a rope around me, and handed that rope to a strange man who started pulling me towards him and poking and prodding me, I would panic. And you know what? I'd probably become aggressive. But much like the dog in this video if it went on long enough and I realized that noone was going to help me and I didn't have an escape route I would probably shut down like this dog does and just comply until I knew that there was a safe alternative. But would I have learned anything in that process? Would I have become less fearful? What do you think? Would you be less fearful after that experience?
C0EdJwTvhut||| 
CwKCjxpN_aj|||
CwsrdAGxcz5|||Today's hard truth message comes to you with love and compassion of course and wearing something very weird because I was hot and cold but it's about fear. There's a lot of misinformation out there about food and about exercise for especially women in our age group and that leads to a lot of fear. I'm speaking specifically about things like cortisol. A lot of women out there are afraid to do cardio anymore or to push their heart rate too high to push the effort too high on their exercise because they've heard that it raises cortisol and that you store fat. Well number one we need the cortisol. We actually need the cortisol for a whole bunch of things in your body. Um the key thing is that you learn how to manage the cortisol and that it is not consistently elevated. So instead of being fearful and not doing something because you're afraid of what it might do. Test it out. You don't have to stick with it if it doesn't work with you. So if it doesn't fat make you feel awful and it doesn't fat seem that you are storing fat but that may be other reasons. Um then stop it. Give it a try. Test it out. Don't be afraid of trying something because of what might happen.
Cu8LK2ou1C2|||Supposed to come and educate these people so they don't make the same mistakes. Not judge them. And that's the problem right now. We ain't teaching each other. We all trying to **** run for the plug. Everybody trying to protect the plug. Why? If we do it together we the plug.
C0s3PqPtp8_|||Thank you for watching.
C0TjIPlrrqj|||
CwflUwYNc3D|||Love the people who love you. Really love them. Um learn all the human skills that you need to be a good human being. Who's being human is hard and And have as much fun as possible. And what I mean by having much fun as possible doesn't mean playing video games and taking vacations every moment. But make jokes. Make joke have a sense of humour. Like in in a you can't you can't be angry and laugh at the same time.
CtzHNrELeK7|||When I was 15 years old, I heard a quote and I will never forget it and I bring it with me everywhere I go and it's ingrained in my DNA. The quote is this, it's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice. Uh
CwNhHNNtA64|||Working, keep striving, never give up, fall down seven times, get up eight. Ease is a greater threat to progress than hardship. Ease is a greater threat to progress than hardship. So, keep moving, keep growing, keep learning.
CvN5g8lAQrw|||For rich men they can't help but attract women that like lifestyle more than connection because a woman that really values connection she doesn't like a busy a rich man's lifestyle a woman that really needs emotional connection she find being with the CEO or being with a really successful man is hard for her she leaves because she wants emotional intimacy so rich men are almost left with women that love lifestyle who will compromise an emotional connection in order to get that financial investment and so rich men are left with a pool of women who are not as connected to them.
CwxxtS8MRIm|||Times show you who are the great people in your life. Think back to your toughest times, your worst times, when everything was going wrong, when things were falling apart, who were those people that stood by you, that called you, that messaged you.
Cu2pxAMNWcH|||People say that money changes people. It really doesn't. You know what I learned about money? Money don't change people. Money allows you to be more of who you really are. See, if you're a kind person, when you get a lot of money, you become a kinder person. If you're an a**hole, when you get a lot of money, you become a big a**hole. Money allows you to amplify whoever you really are.
Cxa2RSkt8VG|||Love isn't enough. It's not. Compatibility is crucial. Love isn't enough. You need compatibility too. And people throw away their lives on this notion of loving someone so much. I just love them so much. I couldn't let them go. And they were willing to to sacrifice their life, their happiness, their soul eroding their confidence in the process because when you are not true to yourself and you're not making yourself happy and your needs aren't being met you start to hate yourself. You resent yourself and you and you load yourself even more because you can't walk away and now that makes you feel like you're not strong. Eroding your sense of joy in life. Praying, hoping that one day your needs will be met.
CunWZLfLUby|||The reason why a lot of people won't become who they want is because they're too attached to who they've been. And you hear it all the time when people say I've always been this way. Okay well if that's working for you keep doing that. I knew it wasn't working for me any longer. I had hit my version of rock bottom. So I was willing to let go of everything. And everybody. See another reason why people won't get there is because the doorway is for you to fit through. You trying to carry everybody else through because you trying to be rescue nine one one. And you gotta rescue you first. I am much more valuable to my family and to my community because I was willing to let them go. Go through the door. Myself. Teach myself. Learn myself. Condition myself and then come back and get them. I'm much more valuable to them now.
CsETuxpPzLI|||You know what they say. Never go grocery shopping when you're hungry. You grab the wrong things and the same as in life. Never go into a relationship when you feel lonely. You might grab the wrong thing. Think about it because when you're desperate, you grab anything you want, not what you need and I want you to be all and that is the best.
C0mCVBYu_gC|||Hey, get up. Don't miss out on today by waiting for tomorrow.
C0n7MYyLu6m|||To the top, yeah So I-
C0kUV5_LMi2|||I follow you into the park, through the jungle, through the dark, girl I never loved one like you. Boats and boats and waterfalls, highways and payphone calls, I'll be in every one with you. We love until we think we'll die, ever on a summer night, nothing new is sweeter than with you. Down in the street, we run it free, like it's only you and me, gee.
C0j9IWaSXIZ|||The person you are trying to call is currently busy. I'll make the Buddha. Oh la la
C0k1eG2vzte|||Thanks for watching!
CyPFrw_RoBH|||think crafts are too time-consuming for your packed schedule? Let me show you why they are worth it. Crafts do more than entertain. They are a hands-on way to build skills from writing to counting. These crafts aren't just for fun. They double as classroom decor and hands-on learning tools. Ready to add some creativity to your classroom? Drop the word craft below and I'll send you the link to my year-round craft bundle. Happy teaching!
C0pYitDqfn-|||Welcome! Welcome! Happy first day! Oh my gosh! Look how tall you've gotten! Oh my gosh! Welcome! Welcome! Happy first day! Let me see your joy! I'm so excited! How about you? Let's get into school mode! Yeah! Yeah! I'm just so excited! Ha ha! Welcome! Welcome! Yeah! Just up the steps! Up the steps! Yes! Welcome! Hey! Welcome back! I thought you said you weren't coming back! But here you are! Welcome! Welcome! Ha ha! Welcome!
C0tLGMkOVyZ|||Going to bust you inside your head. Make me. What? Uh there there's a camera on you baby. There's a camera on me right there. Back behind you. Oh hello. Praise the lord.
C0MZmn3uCc_|||Thanks for watching!
C0JIaaLy9z7|||පෙරහන දිගම එය උවාස්ක විනාඩි 2 ක් ගැනීමට අතර විනාඩි 2 ක් විනාඩි 2 ක් ස්තුතියි අපි පැහැඩි විනාඩි 2 ක් ස්තුතියි කුඩා අවශ්‍ය විනාඩි 2 ක් කළ පැය අපි කිරීමට පැදිලින් පැදිලින් පැදිලින් පැදිලින්
CyCAFGxrA6n|||කෝරයැස අපට කෝස්දාවිතය යට ඔබේ කෝස් කිරීම ගන්න. කෝස්දාවිතය දී කිරීම කෝප්පය ස්තුතියක් නොරෝට් ගත්තක එකතු කරන්න. අපි කිරීම කිරීම කිරීම කරන්න.
C0epyoEo27i|||Here are some English expressions and their Norwegian equivalents. To get over something. Å komme seg over noe. Rule of thumb. Tommelfingerregel. Off the rails. Helt Texas. To spice things up. Å sprite opp ting. Packed like sardines. Som sill i tønne. To go with the flow. Å flyte med strømmen.
C0Od1MloS00|||Three things that Scandinavians typically do on Christmas Eve. For us Finns, there is no Christmas Eve without sauna. That is mandatory. Sometime during the day before we have dinner. In Sweden, we always watch Kalle Anka 3 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Without Kalle Anka, it can't be Christmas. On Christmas Eve, Norwegians turn on the TV at 5 p.m. to watch Sølgutne sing. Sølgutne is a special choir in Norway consisting of both young boys and men, and they literally sing like angels. So, when Sølgutne sings at 5 p.m. every single Christmas Eve, it is officially Christmas in Norway.
C0i2k97I9HZ|||Norwegian and Finnish are two completely different languages, however the cultures of Norway and Finland are actually quite similar in some ways and they might differ from other cultures. Here are a few examples. Both countries have a flat hierarchy and you don't have to address people formally. We only call people by their first names and you don't have to use any titles. You cannot buy alcohol whenever you want. On weekdays it's from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Saturdays just until 6 p.m. and on Sundays not at all. The stores are closed. The rules for buying alcohol in Norway are almost the same, however we can buy from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. on weekdays. We always take our shoes off before we enter our own house or somebody else's house. It's extremely common and we do it automatically before we enter a private house.
CWix1tFjvej|||Don't always say I am hungry. If you have just started to feel hungry or if you are a little hungry, then you can say I am peckish. If you are very hungry, then you can say I am starving or I am famished. Bye-bye. Thank you.
C0fo0X-LZcx|||And don't have time, cause she was a creep
C0ptC05gb7D|||
CsT5nEGOVgq|||Guys own one of these 2018 and Up Camrys and your sunroof ever decides to go out and you have to replace it be prepared to spend some big money on fixing it because in order to replace the sunroof you have to remove the whole entire panoramic roof just because bolts to the bottom of the roof and you cannot get to some of these bolts. So in order to replace your sunroof, you have to remove the whole entire panoramic roof. And to get that out, you have to remove your seats to get the headliner off and then you gotta take the headliner out to get to the roof. So yes, this is a very expensive job and hope that your sunroof never goes out.
Cyzeio6MNbu|||toxic workplace gets thrown around a lot. But what does it actually mean? It goes beyond just a job that you don't like. Here are a couple of signifiers of a toxic workplace. A workplace that tolerates any type of discrimination. A workplace where the majority of employees are either burnt out or have extremely low morale. A workplace with passive-aggressive communication as its primary communication style. A high rate of employee turnover coupled with a low percentage of internal promotions. Work-life balance is never mentioned, so no one has it. No one.
C0hAMrVtl2n|||I think I like this little life. This little life
C0skgAlrQVf|||Alright guys. So last night I talked to you about followers and how to basically engage with them. Right? And I told you it's a great practice to spend 15 minutes a day on them. So I'm going to show you really quick something that I do in order to find the followers that I should be engaging with. Okay? So first I go to the people that I am following on my homepage. I click on it. Okay. Then I'm going to go up here to sort by default. I click on that. I get it earliest. It. Then I go to least interacted with. This gives me a list of people I should be spending at least 15 minutes a day talking to because I have not been. Okay and so the really cool thing here is now I'm able to open this list and I'm able to open these accounts individually. And I look at when the last time they posted this. Right? If they're inactive why are you following them? Get rid of them. Flear them out. Replace them. Replace them with an account that is active. Or don't replace them. And then give yourself more time to engage with the people you're already engaging with. But don't let them sit there. Okay? But be careful to not do too many at a time. And what I mean is don't go unfollow, unfollow, unfollow, unfollow, unfollow. You will get blocked. You will have a problem.
C0qc8zyMcSA|||Just see the sleigh bells jingling. Jingling, jingling, jingling.. How I love when the brush lay right together with you. Jingling, jingling, jingling. As I hear the snow is falling. And friends are callin' you. Jingling, jingling, jingling. How I love when the brush lay right together with you. JINGLING JINGLING Just see the.. JINGLING JINGLING
CuknfDqMRQ4|||Secrets you need to know part thirty-one, this one feels highly illegal. If you've ever wondered how to get audios from Instagram into your Canva account, this hack is for you. Start up inside the Instagram app and tap the audio link. Now, swipe down from the upper right hand corner to create a screen recording of the audio you'd like to import into Canva. Now, head into Canva and open up an Instagram Reels Design. Now, import the video for your reel then right click and select set video to background. Now, add the screen recording of Audio from Instagram is where the magic happens. In the upper toolbar, set the transparency of the screen recording all the way back to zero. Now you have both your audio and video in one file that you can use a third party app to post automatically. Did that just blow your mind? If it did, make sure you double tap and follow along for more daily Canva and Content Tips.
C0S4uEuMxTe|||So I'm autism and I think my mom knew about it and she kept it from me for years. When I was in pre-kind kindergarten I was evaluated. I was given an IEP. And my mom never discussed the IP with me. She never allowed me to go to like the IEP reviews or talk about like the milestones at school. I I was never allowed to be part of those meetings from pre-K kindergarten all the way to my senior year of high school. Pretty early on I I was taken out of classes for occupational therapy counseling and speech therapy because I had pretty bad speech and language impairment until I was in about eighth grade. So, my mom whenever I'd asked her about why I was doing all the stuff, she's like, it's because of your speech. None of the other kids were taken out for occupational therapy or counseling to work on emotions and to work on social interactions with other kids and and and you know, why I I should or shouldn't talk about certain things. Um none of the other speech kids did that. None of the other speech kids had to go to a separate room to be read their test or or be pulled out to work on reading and eventually I I found out I was dyslexic but it still left a lot of other questions. I quickly felt very alone and very isolated because I had all these questions that that weren't answered and I was always told by by teachers and and by students and by you know, some extended family that how weird and how strange and how odd I was but I completely assimilated. I I I would watch how people would stand and try to stand like them or how they would sit in a chair the way they were sitting in a chair and I would watch their facial reactions or things that they would say or their speech patterns and I would try to to mimic that. I wear clothes that I hated because everyone else was wearing it and when I wore it, I didn't understand like why my friends didn't feel like their skin was like itching and on fire. I tried to do anything that made me not look as different as I felt. Eventually, when I was in college getting ready to go to grad school, I got evaluated. Um a full like mental health screening. Did I no ADHD and it and it answered a lot of questions and it made sense and it and it felt good and when I took medication for it, it helped dramatically and so I was like, yeah, I have ADHD and I do. I do have ADHD. There's still so many signs and and symptoms and things I was feeling that didn't answer with just ADHD. So, then my therapist asked me if they could screen me for autism. I I I was pretty confident that that wasn't the case though very quickly and and sure enough I got the autism diagnosis and it wasn't something I was ashamed of or something that you know I I felt badly about because there's no reason to feel that way I felt like I finally had answers and this very difficult thing happened when I was talking to a teacher I had when I was a kid. I told them about my ADHD and my autism diagnosis and they paused and it was very sad. And they said did you not know that was part of your IDP? So it's something that I didn't know that people had known about me for years because I didn't know about myself. Right? And I very quickly realized that it was something that my mom was keeping from me. My mom's my mom's past. She's she's gone now. And it's a brings up a lot of complex emotions as you can imagine. I understand based on the knowledge and resources that she had. She she was doing what she thought was best. And so I wouldn't feel bad about myself or feel like I was different. I think she's worried that that knowing this would make me feel limited but not knowing it felt so much worse growing up. Parents if you're withholding information like this from your child. Your kids have questions on those bells. I've had so many questions about myself since I was a kid at through adulthood. It doesn't make them feel isolated. It answers questions that they had. When we're tying shame to these things the Shame is what makes children and adults feel like they don't belong. When we give them the gift of knowing the gift of awareness and the gift of understand themselves. That gives them a fighting chance at feeling like they belong.
CyjKCvtpIMp|||You need to watch this if you're interviewing a ton right now, but you haven't landed the job. Here's how to stand out by asking better interview questions. I'm a former recruiter and a current career coach. Let's go. Don't ask. What's your leadership style? Ask. Can you share an example of how you've positively influenced the culture of your team? Don't ask. Are there opportunities for growth on this team? Ask. Can you share an example of someone on the team you developed and promoted? Don't ask. So how's the work-life balance here? Ask. Can you share an example of how the company supports employee work-life balance?
C0rr64mpnZg|||I'm going to show colors! I'm going to be milkshake it. Okay. Make it wash. Now twist it. Do red like this. Okay. Black. This color white. This color blue. Thank you for watching.
C0mzalyytDZ|||Here's how you can create this scroll stopping effect in Canva. Homeless sale but nobody say nobody often well pick me up
CzZytMlOq-Z|||តឮេ។ សដើឆ, ស្មើនិត្នាមីច្យ។
C0s1pNbMgOr|||Three things you should never say in a job interview and what to say instead. Yeah, my last boss was a complete nightmare. At a certain point, I knew I was no longer growing and learning. So, now I'm seeking a work environment where I can thrive. I know my work experience isn't exactly what you're looking for but I believe my background in X makes me uniquely qualified for this role because my biggest strength is that I think outside the box. I'm proud to be a creative problem solver and here's a quick example of that from my last job.
Cz3fC0ctdZv|||I've been kicked around since I was born I'm never sorry, that's okay And you may look the other way But we can try to understand The New York Times, I beg your pardon Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother You're staying alive, staying alive Feel the city beating and everybody shaking You're staying alive, staying alive Ah, ah, ah, ah, staying alive
Cwn9efeNYUZ|||It's like someone picked you out of the sky Maybe I met you for a reason And I can't believe that we're both alive at the same time Is this heaven? Now am I dreaming? Now what am I dreaming? You're my one, one, one in a million And I can't believe that we're both alive at the same time
CbvCLAFqyHj|||🎵
Cg83fTJjmLA|||Probability. Khan Academy states probability is simply how likely something is to happen. Whenever we're unsure about the outcome of an event, we can talk about the probability of certain outcomes. How likely they are to happen. The analysis of events governed by probability is called statistics. The chances of an event occur. Violent chance now is to assemble all the pieces of exodia but the odds are against Draw your last pathetic card so I can end this, Yugi. My grandpa's deck has no pathetic cards, Kaiba but it does contain the unstoppable Exodia.
CsmsxhGoPKo|||I have had fun, I have not had so much fun like this since I came to this resort like today So, can we do this more often? Sure, more often, your wish is my command Oh please, just stop, stop with this your sugar coated tongue, you always make people feel like they are super beings You are my super being Talk to you later Alright, see you later, bye Hey babe What are you doing with that guy? He just came to play long tennis Did you ask me? Ask you? Ask you what? I'm the man here, you are supposed to take permission from me before going out to the tennis court We are sleeping and I don't want to bother you, besides I didn't leave the premises So you are not supposed to justify your action or you are going out with Sky all day?
CpzQHXtoWeS|||♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪
CuudDXRo6V_|||តុស្ដាឹងពនំ៉ានៅមីរ្ល់យំស្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្ម្មីជីនជា។
Cv4nc5sNSGr|||♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
Cv4vszUK7Nq||| 
Brj6urjFlXP|||All right.
BhVWJMTA57K|||Thanks for watching.
BhoAfCWHTCB|||Thank you for watching!
BrjuBZLBjpd|||THANKS FOR WATCHING! SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL!